{{section-glossary}}


This set of rules features a collection of terms which refer to very specific game elements that help to clarify the extent of the rules.

=== Attributes ===
Attributes are a series of numeric values that describe a Trooper’s or game element’s basic capabilities. In game terms, these are used to make Rolls and calculate the success or failure of attempted actions.

=== Deployable Equipment ===
Game element with [[Attributes]], which belongs to the [[Army List]] of any of the players, and is capable of performing a [[Special Skill]] or Trait. This element may also be designated as a target and receive [[Attacks]].

=== Deployable Weapon === 
Game element with [[Attributes]] that may belong to the Army List of a player, and is capable of performing and receiving Attacks.

=== Marker ===
Game element with [[Attributes]] represented on the table with a Marker as specified by a [[Special Skill]], [[Weapon]] or [[Equipment]]. 

=== Model ===
Game element with [[Attributes]] represented on the table by a miniature.

=== Peripheral ===
Special category of Trooper that is unable to contribute or spend Orders by itself and, therefore, takes no space in the [[Army List]]. It is activated when its [[Controller]], the Trooper on which it depends, spends an Order, replicating their actions. 

The Cost of a Peripheral is shown in its own Troop Profile but is also added to its Controller's Cost. 

=== Scenery Element ===
Game element that recreates the scenarios and serves as a prop on the game table. On certain occasions, they may have [[Attributes]] or become a valid target.

=== State Token === 
Game element that indicates the effect of a rule, [[Skill]], or [[State]], as a reminder for the player.

=== Target === 
Game element capable of being targeted by Attacks, and effects from [[Skills]] or [[Equipment]]. 

=== Token === 
Game element that represents a piece of [[#Deployable_Equipment | Deployable Equipment]] or a [[#Deployable_Weapon | Deployable Weapon]]. 

=== Trooper === 
Game element with [[Attributes]] which belongs to the [[Army List]] of any player, able to contribute and spend Orders, as well as declaring and receiving [[Attacks]].

=== Unit Profile === 
Represents the set of [[#Trooper|Troopers]] that form each Unit in Infinity CodeOne. Indicates the numerical values that determine each [[#Trooper|Trooper]]'s [[Attributes]]. The Unit Profile also indicates the [[Characteristics]], [[Special Skills]], [[Equipment]], and [[Armor]] of each [[#Trooper|Trooper]].

=== Victory Points === 
The combined [[Cost]] of the player's Troopers who are in a non-[[Null]] state. 


{{section-glossary}}




[[Category: Glossary]]