{{n5-section-glossary}}


Traits are the special features of certain weapons and pieces of Equipment.

Traits are commonly given to Common and Special Skills, or to specific effects that make these rules more unique. Some are pretty obvious, and their names describe what their effects are, nevertheless, a list of the different Traits is provided to make them easier to identify:


{{greybox | Wiki Note}}
Click on the Trait name to see a list of all items with that Trait.
{{greybox-end}}

{{see-also}}
Most Traits are found in the '''[[Weapon Chart]]'''.
{{see-also-end}}


=== [[:Category:Anti-materiel | Anti-materiel ]] ===
This weapon's Special [[Ammunition]] can affect structures and pieces of scenery.

=== [[:Category:ARM = 0 | ARM = 0 ]] ===
This weapon or piece of Equipment reduces the [[ARM]] Attribute of the Target to 0 when a [[Saving Roll]] is required.

=== [[:Category:ARO | ARO ]] ===
This weapon or piece of Equipment is only usable in [[ARO]].

=== [[:Category:BioWeapon | BioWeapon ]] ===
This weapon applies the combination of [[DA]]+[[Shock]] Special Ammunition to targets with the [[Vitality]] (VITA) Attribute. 

=== [[:Category:Boost | Boost ]] ===
A weapon possessing this Trait applies the [[Boost]] rule, activating when an enemy Model declares or executes an [[Trooper Activation | Order]] or [[ARO]] in its [[ZoC]].

=== [[:Category:BS Weapon (PH) | BS Weapon (PH) ]] ===
This weapon can make [[BS Attack]]s, but uses the [[PH]] Attribute in place of [[BS]]. When using this weapon, all rules and MODs that affect the Trooper's BS affect their PH Attribute instead.

=== [[:Category:BS Weapon (WIP) | BS Weapon (WIP) ]] ===
This weapon can make [[BS Attack]]s, but uses the [[WIP]] Attribute in place of [[BS]]. When using this weapon, all rules and MODs that affect the Trooper's BS affect their WIP Attribute instead. The [[Skills_and_Equipment_Module#Modifiers_Explained_.28MODs.29 | BS Attack (Shock)]] Skill cannot be used with weapons with this Trait.

=== [[:Category:BTS = 0 | BTS = 0 ]] ===
This weapon or piece of Equipment reduces the [[BTS]] Attribute of the Target to 0 when a [[Saving Roll]] is required.

=== [[:Category:Burst (B) | Burst (B) ]] ===
This indicates the number of dice the player must roll when using the weapon or piece of Equipment.

=== [[:Category:Burst: Single Target | Burst: Single Target ]] ===
This weapon can only choose a single target for all shots of the [[Burst]].

=== [[:Category:CC | CC ]] ===
This weapon can be used when making [[CC Attack]]s.

=== [[:Category:Concealed | Concealed ]] ===
This weapon or piece of Equipment uses the effects of [[Camouflaged State]]. Refer to the description of the weapon or Equipment for more details. Camouflage Markers concealing a weapon, or a piece of Equipment have a [[Silhouette]] (S) value of 2.

=== [[:Category:Continuous Damage | Continuous Damage ]] ===
After failing a [[Saving Roll]], the target receives a [[Wound]] and will have to keep making Saving Rolls until it passes a Saving Roll or until it enters [[Dead State]]. A [[Critical]] hit with a weapon with this Trait forces the target to make an additional Saving Roll. This extra Saving Roll doesn't apply the Continuous Damage Trait.

=== [[:Category:Deployable | Deployable ]] ===
This weapon or piece of Equipment may be deployed on the battlefield, thus becoming an element independent of its carrier. Deployable weapons and pieces of Equipment have their own profiles and their own Attributes, and they may be chosen as a target during the game. If a Deployable item enters [[Unconscious State]], it automatically passes directly to [[Dead State]], without receiving an extra [[Wound]], and must be removed from the game table. Weapons and pieces of Equipment with this Trait do not activate other Deployable Weapons or Equipment.

=== [[:Category:Direct Template | Direct Template ]] ===
This weapon or piece of Equipment uses the [[Direct Template Weapons | Direct Template]] rules, firing the Template indicated in brackets.

=== [[:Category:Disposable | Disposable (X) ]] ===
This weapon or Equipment has a limited amount of ammunition or uses, and one is expended every time you declare its use, regardless of the success or failure of the Roll involved, or if a Skill has been declared illegally. The profile indicates, through a figure in brackets after the Disposable trait, the number of uses for that weapon or Equipment. Once all the available uses are expended, the Trooper, or the item if the Trooper has several Disposable weapons or Equipment, will be in [[Unloaded State]]. 

Each increment in the [[Burst]] (B) value applied to weapons with this Trait due to any MOD uses up a Disposable use. For example, a Trooper with a Panzerfaust (a two-use weapon with B 1) and [[BS Attack]] (+1B) must make a BS Attack with B 2, consuming in a single Order the two available uses in the Panzerfaust, so the weapon is unloaded, and the player must place an Unloaded Token next to the Trooper. 

Burst (B) MODs cannot raise the B value higher than the remaining available uses. 

In addition, those weapons possessing the Disposable Trait and different Modes (such as [[Mixed Weapons]], [[D-Charges]]...) share the number of uses provided by Disposable between all Modes.

{{see-also}}
'''[[Idle]]'''
* In the [[Resolution]] Step of the Order, if a Trooper is found to have not met the Requirements of a declared Skill, they instead perform an Idle. In this situation:
** The ammunition of [[Disposable]] weapons or pieces of Equipment is spent.
{{see-also-end}}


=== [[:Category:Double Shot | Double Shot ]] ===
In the [[Active Turn]], this weapon or piece of Equipment can apply a +1 MOD to its [[Burst]] value. If it also possesses the Disposable (2) Trait, this Burst MOD can only be applied if both uses remain unspent. Applying this MOD will expend both uses, putting the Trooper in [[Unloaded State]].

=== [[:Category:Impact Template | Impact Template ]] ===
This weapon or piece of Equipment places a [[Impact Template Weapons | Template]] on the point of impact, firing the Template indicated in brackets.

=== [[:Category:Improvised | Improvised ]] ===
This weapon or piece of Equipment is being used in a manner it was not designed for, making it difficult to use. Therefore, the Improvised Trait imposes a '''MOD of -6''' to the corresponding [[Attribute]] '''of the user'''.

=== [[:Category:Indiscriminate | Indiscriminate ]] ===
This weapon or piece of Equipment is usable or deployable even if there is a [[Camouflaged State | Camouflage and Hiding Marker]] in its [[Area of Effect]], and even if there is no valid target nearby.

=== [[:Category:Intuitive Attack | Intuitive Attack ]] ===
This weapon can be used to make [[Intuitive Attack]]s.

=== [[:Category:Non-Lethal | Non-Lethal ]] ===
No matter the [[ammunition]] type, this weapon, piece of Equipment or [[Hacking Program]] uses, it doesn't inflict [[Wounds]] on the target, or doesn't require the target to make a [[Saving Roll]] when hit.

Even if a Skill, rule or MOD adds or combines other ammunition types, the Non-Lethal Trait always take precedence, so this weapon, piece of Equipment or Hacking Program never inflicts Wounds on the target.

=== [[:Category:Non-Reloadable | Non-Reloadable ]] ===
[[Unloaded State]] cannot be cancelled for [[Disposable]] weapons or pieces of Equipment with this Trait, and their expended uses cannot be regained.

=== [[:Category:Perimeter | Perimeter ]] ===
When declaring [[Place Deployable]], the player applies the [[Place_Deployable#Deployable and Perimeter | Deployable and Perimeter]] rule, placing the weapon or piece of Equipment completely inside the [[ZoC]] of the Trooper, instead of in [[Silhouette contact]].

=== [[:Category:Prior Deployment | Prior Deployment ]] ===
You must place this weapon or piece of Equipment on the game table during the [[Deployment Phase]].

=== [[:Category:Reflective | Reflective ]] ===
The effects of this weapon or piece of Equipment are also applied to Troopers who have the '''[[Marksmanship]]''' Special Skill or are equipped with a '''[[Multispectral Visor]]''' of any Level, or with any other piece of Equipment that specifies the same.

=== [[:Category:Silent | Silent (X) ]] ===
If you use this weapon or piece of Equipment to make an Attack while inside the target's [[ZoC]] and outside their [[LoF]], the target must apply the MOD between brackets to any [[Face to Face Roll | Face to Face]] [[Dodge]] Roll they make against the Attack. This MOD is cumulative with other Dodge MODs.

=== [[:Category:Speculative Attack | Speculative Attack ]] ===
This weapon can be used to make [[Speculative Attack]]s.

=== [[:Category:State | State ]] ===
This weapon or piece of Equipment causes its target to enter a specific [[Game State]]. The Game State it causes will be indicated in the profile of the weapon, Program, or piece of Equipment.

=== [[:Category:Suppressive Fire | Suppressive Fire (SF) ]] ===
This weapon allows the user to enter [[Suppressive Fire State]], substituting its usual profile with the SF Mode profile.

=== [[:Category:Target (Attribute) | Target (Attribute) ]] ===
This weapon or piece of Equipment is only effective against targets with the [[Attribute]] indicated between brackets, either [[VITA]] or [[STR]]. If the target does not have the indicated Attribute, they do not need to make the [[Saving Roll]], as this weapon or piece of Equipment has no effect on them. 

=== [[:Category:Targetless | Targetless ]] ===
This weapon utilizes a Special [[Ammunition]] capable of firing without designating an enemy as a target. In the [[Reactive Turn]], [[LoF]] to the Active Trooper is required when using a Targetless weapon.

=== [[:Category:Zone of Control | Zone of Control (ZoC) ]] ===
The range of this weapon or piece of Equipment is equivalent to the user's [[Zone of Control]] (8 inches).




{{n5-section-glossary}}



[[Category: Glossary]]