{{n5-section-special-skills}}


The user of this Special Skill is the commanding officer of the combat force deployed by the player.

{{css_skillbox |black| LIEUTENANT | AUTOMATIC SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Private Information, Obligatory. }}

{{effects}}
* The user of this Special Skill has a [[Lieutenant Special Order]].
* If, during the [[Tactical Phase]] of the Turn, the Lieutenant is in [[Isolated State]] or any [[Null]] State ([[Unconscious]], [[Dead]], etc.) or has not been deployed on the gaming table, the [[Loss of Lieutenant]] rule will be applied. 
* This Special Skill remains active even when its owner is in a [[Null]] State, until a new Lieutenant is appointed. Once that happens, the owner of this Special Skill loses it.
* When a new Lieutenant is appointed (due to Loss of Lieutenant, [[Chain of Command]]...), they gain the Lieutenant Special Skill, with no additional abilities.
* In the Unit Profile, this Special Skill may have additional abilities listed. Some examples are:
** '''+1 Command Token'''. The player that takes this Trooper as their Lieutenant will have one extra [[Command Tokens | Command Token]] for the match.
** '''+1 Order'''. This indicates that this Lieutenant has two Special Lieutenant Orders each Turn instead of one.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{important-start}} 
* The presence of a Trooper with the Lieutenant Special Skill in the player's [[Army List]] is obligatory. 
* The player's Army List cannot include more than one Trooper with this Special Skill.
{{important-end}}


{{see-also}}
'''[[Restrictions Chart]]'''
{| class="n5table-dark"
|-
! Restrictions Chart
|-
|- 
| Remotes ([[REM]]) may not declare [[Cautious Movement]] or be chosen as [[Lieutenant]].
|- 
| [[Irregular]] Troops may not be chosen as [[Lieutenant]]. 
|}
{{see-also-end}}


{{see-also-start}}
'''[[Inspiring Leadership]]'''<br>
* In order to apply the effects of Inspiring Leadership, the user must be the [[Lieutenant]] of the Army, be on the game table, and not be in a [[Null]] State ([[Unconscious]], [[Dead]], [[Sepsitorized]]...).
[...]
* You may declare a [[Coordinated Order]] that includes the user by spending only the [[Lieutenant Special Order | Special Lieutenant Order]], without expenditure of [[Command Token]]s or extra Orders.


'''[[Mnemonica]]'''<br>
* The user may transfer his own [[WIP]] Attribute value and the Mnemonica Special Skill to another Trooper in the same army. That Trooper must be on the battlefield in the form of a Model or Marker and have either a [[Cube]] or the [[REM]] Troop Type. If the user has the [[Lieutenant]] Special Skill this is also transferred, including any additional abilities and MODs such as (+1 Order).


'''[[NCO]]'''<br>
* Allows the user to replace any [[Lieutenant Special Order | Special Lieutenant Order]]s with [[Tactical Order]]s and to use them.


'''[[Strategos]]'''<br>
* In order to benefit from this Level of Strategos, the user must be the army's [[Lieutenant]].
[...]
* At the beginning of your Active Turn, during your [[Order Count]], replace any [[Lieutenant Special Order | Special Lieutenant Order]]s with [[Regular Order]]s, adding them to the [[Order Pool]] of the Lieutenant's [[Combat Group]].
{{see-also-end}}




[[Category:Special Skills]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Private Information ]]
[[Category: Obligatory ]]