{{n5-section-special-skills}}


Remote Presence technology is a characteristic trait of unmanned TAGs and Remotes. Remotes are controlled by a pseudo-AI and a suite of expert programs that govern their combat behavior with precision and fearless logic. TAGs, on the other hand, benefit from the autonomy of a human pilot, but Remote Presence technology allows these pilots, miles away from the battlefield, to focus on performance instead of safety.

{{css_skillbox |black| REMOTE PRESENCE | AUTOMATIC SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Obligatory }}
{{effects}}
* Troopers with Remote Presence and the [[STR]] Attribute have two distinct levels of [[Unconscious State]].
* When the Trooper receives as many [[Wounds]] as their STR Attribute value, they enter Unconscious State like any other Trooper. However, if the Trooper receives one Wound more than its STR value, they do not enter [[Dead State]] as usual, but instead enter a second level of Unconscious State, signified by a second Unconscious Token (UNCONSCIOUS). Only if they receive one more Wound do they enter Dead State and be removed from the table. This means that a Remote Presence Trooper only enters Dead State if it has two or more Wounds more than its STR Attribute value.
* Regardless of which level of Unconscious State the Trooper is in, with a single successful [[WIP]] Roll with the [[Engineer]] Special Skill, or successful PH Roll with a [[GizmoKit]], they may remove all the Wounds necessary to cancel their Unconscious State.
* Additionally, when using Engineer (or other Special Skills or piece of Equipment that specifically say so) to repair a Trooper with Remote Presence, you may expend [[Command Tokens]] to reroll a failed WIP Roll.
* This Special Skill remains active even when its owner is in a [[Null]] State.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{see-also-start}}
'''[[Request Speedball | Speedball AutoRepairS]]''' can also be used to remove all the [[Wounds]] necessary to cancel the Trooper's [[Unconscious State]].
{{see-also-end}}



[[Category:Special Skills]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Obligatory ]]