{{n5-section-special-skills}}


The user of this Special Skill is able to catch their adversaries unaware by declaring Attacks that are difficult to avoid.

{{css_skillbox |black| SURPRISE ATTACK | AUTOMATIC SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Obligatory }}
{{requirements}}
* To use this Special Skill, Troopers must be '''in Marker form''' (for example, [[Camouflaged]], [[Impersonation State | Impersonation]], [[Decoy]], [[Holoecho]]...) or in [[Hidden Deployment]] at the start of the Order in which they are activated.
* The user must declare a [[CC Attack]], [[BS Attack]], or [[Comms Attack]].
* The user of this Special Skill must be in their [[Active Turn]].
{{effects}}
* This Attack imposes an additional negative MOD, as shown in round brackets in the [[Unit Profile]] [Surprise Attack (-3), Surprise Attack (-6)...]. This MOD '''only applies to targets of the Attack''' and applies to any Skill Roll that those targets perform in [[ARO]].
* If a specific Attribute is listed between brackets in the Unit Profile, such as Surprise Attack (CC-6), the negative MOD '''only applies to that Attribute''' of the targets of the Attack. This MOD is '''not''' cumulative with other MODs imposed by Surprise Attack, for example if the Trooper has both Surprise Attack (-3) and Surprise Attack (CC-6).
* '''Restriction:''' This Skill cannot be used again until the Trooper returns to Marker form.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{see-also}}
'''[[Biometric Visor]]'''
* Users of a Biometric Visor ignore [[Surprise Attack]] MODs from attackers benefitting from [[Impersonation State | Impersonation]] or [[Holoecho State]]s, if they have [[LoF]] to the attacker. In addition, they also ignore Surprise Attack MODs from [[CC Attack]]s from those attackers even if they don't have LoF to the attacker.

'''[[Combat Instinct]]'''
* The user ignores '''[[Surprise Attack]]''' MODs from attackers.

'''[[Multispectral Visor | Multispectral Visor]]'''
* Users of a Multispectral Visor L3 ignore [[Surprise Attack]] MODs if they have [[LoF]] to the attacker. In addition, they also ignore Surprise Attack MODs from [[CC Attack]]s even if they don't have LoF to the attacker.
{{see-also-end}}


[[Category:Special Skills]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Obligatory ]]