{{section-fireteams}}


In the '''Active and Reactive Turns''', a Fireteam is automatically cancelled in the following situations:
* The Fireteam Leader enters [[Isolated State]] or any [[Null]] State.
* If the Fireteam Leader is activated during the [[Impetuous Phase]] of their [[Player Turn]].
* If the Fireteam Leader leaves the Fireteam. 
* The Fireteam Leader declares an [[ARO]] different from the [[Fireteam's ARO]].
* The Fireteam is reduced to one member.
* A [[Retreat Situation | Retreat! situation]] occurs.
* The player uses a [[Command Token]] to create another Fireteam, and exceeds the maximum number of Fireteams of that Type allowed in their Army or Sectorial. In this case, the player must decide which of the Fireteams is cancelled.
* In the Active or Reactive Turn, the player voluntarily chooses to cancel the Fireteam. This requires no additional expenditure of Orders or Command Tokens. The player must indicate so before the Order is spent by any of the players.


In the Active Turn and Reactive Turn, '''a Trooper automatically stops being part of a Fireteam''' in the following cases:
* The Trooper enters or is in [[Isolated State]] or any [[Null]] State.
* The Trooper breaks [[Coherency]] with the Fireteam Leader.
* The Trooper is [[Irregular]] and uses their [[Irregular Order]].
* The Trooper is the [[Lieutenant]] and spends their [[Lieutenant Special Order]].
* The Trooper is [[Impetuous]] and is activated during the [[Impetuous Phase]] of their [[Player Turn]].
* The Trooper enters or is in a State that allows it to be substituted by a [[Marker]] ([[Camouflaged]], [[Impersonation State | Impersonation]], [[Holoecho]]...), unless a Special Skill, piece of Equipment or Scenario Special Rule indicates otherwise.
* The Trooper enters [[Suppressive Fire State]].
* The Trooper is moved to a different [[Combat Group]].
* In the Reactive Turn, if the Trooper declares an [[ARO]] that is different from the [[Fireteam's ARO]]. 


In any of the above cases, the Trooper stops being part of the Fireteam the moment the Order or ARO is declared. '''Consequently:'''
* In the Active Turn, the Trooper is not activated by the Fireteam's Order, so he is considered inactive for [[ARO]] purposes.
* In the Reactive Turn, the Trooper is not able to benefit from the advantages of being in a Fireteam.
* When one or more members leave the Fireteam, the player must recalculate the number of members to check if a Fireteam Cancellation occurs, or to determine the bonuses available to the members during that Order if there are still enough members for there to be a Fireteam.


{{see-also}}
'''[[Number 2]]'''
* The Fireteam Leader of that Fireteam enters [[Isolated State]] or any [[Null]] State
[...]
* The user may automatically become the new Fireteam Leader of his Fireteam, placing the Fireteam Leader Token beside him.
{{see-also-end}}


{{Greybox | Example }}
In a five member Fireteam where only three of them declare an [[ARO]], if two members declare the same Skill in ARO, and the third member declares a different Skill, the Skill declared by the two members has been declared by more than half of the reacting members and is the [[Fireteam’s ARO]]. The third member will automatically leave the Fireteam.

On the other hand, if two members declare the same Skill in ARO, but two others declare different Skills, then no Skill has been declared by more than half of the reacting members. The player can choose which Skill is the Fireteam’s ARO, and the members that declared a different Skill will automatically leave the Fireteam.
{{greybox-end}}


{{remember}}
'''[[Fireteams:_Basic_Rules#Rejoining_the_Fireteam_in_the_States_Phase | Rejoining the Fireteam in the States Phase]]'''

Troopers who left a Fireteam can automatically rejoin it if they are in [[Coherency]] with the Fireteam Leader once again at the end of the next [[States Phase]].
{{remember-end}}



{{section-fireteams}}


{{n4end}}



[[Category:Fireteams]]