{{section-fireteams}}


{{n4annex}}
{{n4list}}
{{update | March 2022}}
During the Active Turn, Fireteams behave differently from other Infinity Troopers, as explained below:

{{skillbox |black| FIRETEAM ORDER | ATTACK / MOVEMENT }}
{{Requirements}}
* During the [[Order Phase]] of the Active Turn, the Fireteam Order requires spending 1 [[Regular Order]] from the [[Order Pool]] of the Fireteam members’ [[Combat Group]].
* The player must nominate one member of the Fireteam as the Fireteam Leader, placing a Fireteam Leader Token (FIRETEAM LEADER) beside them.
* Members of a Fireteam must observe the [[Coherency]] rule regarding the Fireteam Leader. If they do not, see [[Fireteam Integrity]].
{{Effects}}
* All Fireteam members are activated with the Fireteam Order.
* By declaring [[Reset]] or any Skill with the [[Movement]] Label (except [[Berserk]]), both the Fireteam Leader and the other Fireteam members perform that Skill. If any other Skill is declared, only the Fireteam Leader performs the declared Skill and the other Fireteam members perform an [[Idle]] while '''granting the Fireteam Leader a set of Bonuses''' determined by the size and composition of the Fireteam.<br>If any of the Fireteam members does not meet the Requirements of a Skill declared during the Order or does not have the Skill, then they perform an Idle instead of that Skill, while the others may act normally.
* Each Reactive Trooper can choose only one of the Troopers (whether the Fireteam Leader or one of the other Fireteam members) as their target, but they are not obliged to choose the same target. 


{{remember-start}}
Any member that breaks Coherency is no longer part of the Fireteam (see [[Fireteam Integrity]]).
{{remember-end}}


==Fireteams, NCO and Tactical Sense==
If a Fireteam member has the [[NCO]] or [[Tactical Sense]] Special Skill and spends the [[Lieutenant Special Order]] or their extra Order, they are automatically nominated as the Fireteam Leader and the Fireteam is activated as if a Regular Order had been spent.


{{update-end}}

== FAQs & Errata ==

{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.0, Jan 2021 |
q = Q: Can Berserk be used while in a Fireteam? |
a = A: Yes. Only the Troops with Berserk will perform the Skill, the rest will perform an Idle and the Team Leader will be the only one performing the CC Attack. |
related = [[Berserk]], [[Fireteams in the Active Turn]] }}


{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = Updated 1.1.1, Dec 2021 |
q = Q: If several Troopers are activated at once (for example a Coordinated Order or a Fireteam) and one of them uses Stealth while outside a reactive Trooper's ZoC or Hacking Area, can the Trooper that used Stealth be chosen as the target of AROs? |
a = <s>A: Yes, but the ARO will only be considered valid if the Stealth user performs a Skill that allows AROs.</s>
{{erratahighlight}}A: Yes, but the ARO will become an Idle if the Stealth user does not declare a Skill that allows AROs.{{erratahighlight-end}} |
related = [[Coordinated Orders]], [[Fireteams in the Active Turn]], [[Stealth]] }}


{{section-fireteams}}


{{n4end}}



[[Category:Fireteams]]
[[Category: N4 Annex]]