{{section-fireteams}}


== Fireteam ARO ==

Players must consider the Fireteam's ARO to be the Skill declared by more than half of the Fireteam members that declare an ARO. In any other case, the player decides which Skill is the Fireteam's ARO. The consequences for declaring a Skill that is different from the Fireteam's ARO can be found in the [[Fireteam Integrity]] section.

{{css_skillbox |black|  FIRETEAM ARO }}
{{effects}}
* During the [[Reactive Turn]], all the Fireteam members gain their own separate [[ARO]]s. However, any Skills declared as AROs must be '''the same for all of the reactive members''', which is called the Fireteam's ARO.
* During the Reactive Turn, '''all the Fireteam members have all the [[Fireteam Bonuses | bonuses]]''' that being part of a Fireteam provides.
* During the Reactive Turn, all Fireteam members perform their own Rolls and apply the corresponding effects on the enemy. Close combat is an exception (see the [[Fireteams:_Basic_Rules#Fireteams_and_CC_Combat | Fireteams and CC Combat]] section).
* Each Fireteam member must observe the [[Coherency]] rule in regard to the Fireteam Leader. The player must perform a Coherency Check at the start and end of each ARO, to know how many members the Fireteam has. <br>If a Fireteam member fails a Coherency Check regarding the Fireteam Leader, they will not count as part of the Fireteam and will immediately stop being part of it.
* When facing multiple Active Troopers ([[Coordinated Orders]], another [[Fireteam]], Troopers with [[Peripheral]]s, and so on), each Fireteam member must choose only one of the Troopers activated by the Order as their target, but they are not obliged to choose the same target. However, the Skill declared in ARO must be the same for all members of the Fireteam.
{{css_skillbox-end}}



{{section-fireteams}}


{{n4end}}



[[Category:Fireteams]]
[[Category: N4 Annex]]