{{section-fireteams}}

{{n5-section-reference-charts}}


In Infinity, being in a Fireteam grants a set of Bonuses to its members, which are divided into several levels. 

The '''Fireteam Level''' is based on the '''number of Troopers '''in the Fireteam who belong to '''the same Unit'''. 

When calculating the Fireteam level, Troopers belong to the same Unit if they have the same Unit name or are listed in the Fireteams Chart with the same term between brackets.


== Fireteam Level Chart ==

{| class="n5table-dark
|-
! colspan="2" | Fireteam Level Chart
|-
! Fireteam Level !! Requirements
|- 
| Level 1 || The Troopers can all belong to different Units.  
|- 
| Level 2 || At least 2 Troopers belong to the same Unit. 
|- 
| Level 3 || At least 3 Troopers belong to the same Unit.
|- 
| Level 4 || At least 4 Troopers belong to the same Unit.
|- 
| Level 5 || All 5 Troopers belong to the same Unit.
|}


Unlike other multi-Trooper activations, like [[Coordinated Orders]] and their Spearhead, during the [[Active Turn]] the Fireteam Leader has the full [[Burst]] (B) value of their weapon, piece of Equipment, or Skill, plus any applicable Bonus.


{{important}}
Unless otherwise specified, Fireteam Bonuses are cumulative with each other, and with other bonuses or MODs provided by other rules, [[Special Skills]], [[Equipment]], or [[Hacking Programs]].
{{important-end}}


== Fireteam Bonuses Chart ==
Therefore, as a quick reference summary, here is the Fireteam Bonuses Chart:

{| class="n5table-dark
|-
! colspan="2" | Fireteam Bonuses Chart
|-
! Fireteam Level !! Bonus
|- 
| Level 1 || Fireteam members  are activated with a single [[Regular Order]]
|- 
| Level 2 || [[BS Attack]] (+1 SD) Skill 
|- 
| Level 3 || +3 [[Discover]] and +1 [[Dodge]]
|- 
| Level 4 || +1 [[BS]]
|- 
| Level 5 || [[Sixth Sense]]
|}


The Fireteam Level needs to be checked when the Fireteam is created as well as after it declares any [[Trooper Activation | Orders]] or [[ARO]]s.


== Fireteam Bonus Levels ==

=== Fireteam Bonus Level 1 ===
* In the Active Turn, all the Fireteam members activate with a single [[Regular Order]].


=== Fireteam Bonus Level 2 ===
* '''[[BS Attack]] (+1 SD) Skill''': This Skill allows the player to roll one extra die, and then select and discard one die from the Roll. This extra die does not increase the [[Burst]] value of the Special Skill, Weapon, or Equipment, and does not expend additional [[Disposable]] uses. If distributing Burst between several targets, the extra die must be allocated to one of those targets, and a die discarded from the Roll against that target.
* If used in a [[Face to Face Roll]], a die is selected and discarded after both players have rolled. If both players have to select and discard a die, the Active Player selects first.
* In the [[Reactive Turn]], all the Fireteam members benefit from this Skill. 
* This Skill cannot be applied when declaring '''[[Long Skill]]s'''. Also, it cannot be applied to Skills, Weapons, or Equipment that do '''not require a Roll''', for example, [[Direct Template Weapon]]s.
* This Skill is cumulative with other BS Attack (+1 SD) Skills listed in the [[Unit Profile]], or from other rules or scenario conditions.


{{remember}}
This Fireteam Bonus applies to [[MediKit]]s and [[GizmoKit]]s when used as [[BS Weapon]]s. 
{{remember-end}}

{{see-also}}
'''[[Modifiers Explained]]''' for the standard +1 SD MOD text.
{{see-also-end}}


=== Fireteam Bonus Level 3 ===
In the Active and Reactive Turns, all Fireteam members:
* Have a +3 MOD to their [[Discover]] Rolls.
* Have a +1 MOD to their [[Dodge]] Rolls.


=== Fireteam Bonus Level 4 ===
* '''When declaring [[BS Attack]],''' all Fireteam members have a +1 MOD to their Attribute. This MOD also applies to weapons with the [[BS Weapon (PH)]] and [[BS Weapon (WIP)]] Traits.


=== Fireteam Bonus Level 4 ===
* All Fireteam members have the [[Sixth Sense]] Special Skill.


== Miscellaneous ==

{{remember}}
When the number of Fireteam members changes, the player must recalculate the Bonuses that the members can apply during the Order (see [[Fireteam Integrity]]).
{{remember-end}}


{{important}}
A Fireteam's Bonuses are [[Private Information]] until the player declares a [[BS Attack]] or [[Discover]], or some other Skill that benefits from these Bonuses.
{{important-end}}


{{remember}}
The maximum [[Burst]] (B) value of any Attack is 6, no matter how many MODs to B are applied. The extra dice for "+1SD" do not count towards this maximum, as they do not increase the Burst value.
{{remember-end}}


{{advice}}
During the game, a player decides to perform a [[BS Attack]] with a Fireteam made up of 4 Fennec and 1 Griffin. This is a Level 5 Fireteam because the Griffin has (Fennec) listed in the [[Fireteams Chart]]. The player designates the Griffin Trooper with the HMG as the Fireteam Leader, who will apply the following MODs and Bonuses to his BS Attack: 
* [[Burst]] 4 (+1 SD) with the HMG, since he has B = 4 +1 extra die thanks to the Level 2 FT Bonus. Therefore, he will roll 5 dice for his BS Attack, and will have to choose and discard one of the dice.
* He applies a +1 MOD to his [[BS]] Attribute to determine the Success Value of the Roll, thanks to the Level 4 FT Bonus. 

After both players have made their Rolls, the PanOceanian player must discard 1 of the 5 dice he rolled to check the result of the [[Face to Face Roll]].  
{{advice-end}}


{{remember}}
If a Trooper has [[B]]1 and (+1 SD), this MOD does not increase the [[Burst]] value and the extra die cannot be allocated to a different target. However, if he has (+1 SD) and the Burst value is greater than one and he distributes the Burst between several targets, the extra die must be allocated to one of those targets, and a die discarded from the Roll against that target.
{{remember-end}}



{{section-fireteams}}

{{n5-section-reference-charts}}




[[Category:Fireteams]]
[[Category: N4 Annex]]