{{section-combat-module}}
{{section-common-skills}}

Common Skill employed to attack in ranged combat using a BS Weapon or another suitable weapon or piece of Equipment.


{{skillbox |greenyellow| BS ATTACK | SHORT SKILL / ARO}}
{{skill-label | Attack}}
{{Requirements}}
{{update | 1.3, Nov 2022}}
* Be using a BS Weapon, or a Skill or piece of Equipment capable of making a BS Attack. 

* Be able to draw [[Line of Fire (LoF)]] to the target of the BS Attack {{erratahighlight}}, unless the BS Weapon, Skill or piece of Equipment used doesn’t require LoF. LoF must be drawn from the point where the Attack is performed to the position of the target when it is attacked.{{erratahighlight-end}} LoF gained from being in Silhouette contact does not count for this Requirement.
* Not be in '''Engaged''' State during the Activation phase of that Order.
{{update-end}}
{{original | 1.2, Jan 2022}}
* Be using a BS Weapon, or a Skill or piece of Equipment capable of making a BS Attack. 
* Be able to draw [[Line of Fire (LoF)]] to the target of the BS Attack {{originalhighlight}}in the location you are attacking it, unless the BS Weapon, Skill or piece of Equipment used doesn't require LoF.{{originalhighlight-end}} LoF gained from being in Silhouette contact does not count for this Requirement.
* Not be in '''Engaged''' State during the Activation phase of that Order.
{{original-end}}
{{effects}}
*The user employs his [[BS]] Attribute (or Attribute specified by the weapon) to fire upon one or more enemies.
*When declaring a BS Attack, the user must choose which of his BS Weapons, Special Skills or pieces of Equipment to use, from those available in his [[Unit Profile]].
*If the attacker has more than one target and a BS Weapon, Special Skill or piece of Equipment with a '''[[Burst]]''' value higher than 1, they must distribute their attacks as part of the BS Attack declaration. {{seefaq}}
*All shots must be declared from the same point.
* If the chosen weapon has more than one Type of Ammunition available, you must choose one for the entire '''[[Burst]]''', as part of the BS Attack declaration.
{{n4list}}
* Troopers with the '''BS Attack (Guided)''' Skill listed on their [[Unit Profile]]:
** During the '''Active Turn''', they may perform a BS Attack against a target in '''Targeted''' State, without requiring LoF. They will perform a '''BS Roll''' with a '''+6 MOD''', ignoring all other MODs except those imposed by [[ECM]] or [[TinBot]]s to Guided Attacks.  {{seefaq | Cannot be combined with Speculative Attack.}}
** Unless the Skill itself indicates otherwise, '''the B will always be 1''' regardless of the actual B value of the Weapon or any MODs applied to the B.
** This BS Attack always applies the [[Impact Template (Circular)]] Trait, even if the weapon used does not have the Trait. 
** The distance to the target cannot exceed the weapon's maximum [[Range]]. 
** The target cannot be in an enclosed room, a possible trajectory for the Attack must always exist. 
** BS Attack (Guided) has a '''limit of 5 Attacks''' per Turn for the Active Player.
** Only weapons that use the BS Attribute may be used with the BS Attack (Guided) Skill.
{{n4end}}





{{greybox-start | Move + BS Attack (or Vice Versa)}}
Since the Skills used in an Order are simultaneous, a [[BS Attack]] can be declared at any point during the route followed by the [[Move]] Skill. If the [[Burst]] is divided among several targets, all shots must be made from a single point. Usually, the attack is made from the position that offers the biggest advantage: a clear [[LoF]], targets out of Cover, optimal range, etc. 
{{greybox-end}}


== BS Attack Into a Close Combat ==
If a [[BS Attack]] is declared against an enemy Trooper that is engaged in CC Combat a '''-6 [[MOD]]''' must be applied for each Allied Trooper engaged in the [[Close Combat|CC]] (in addition to any [[MODs]] for [[Range]], [[Cover]], [[Mimetism]]... for the target). 

{{n4}}
Every failed BS Attack Roll will hit the Allied Trooper, forcing them to perform a Saving Roll. If there are several Allied Troopers locked in that Close Combat, then the Trooper’s player chooses which one of them receives each hit.
{{n4end}}


== FAQs & Errata ==

{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.0, Jan 2021 |
q = Q: Do you need to specify all details of a Skill when declaring it? For example where the target is for a BS Attack, or where the template is being placed for White Noise? |
a = A: Yes, with the exception of the target’s position, which is chosen in the Resolution step, before measuring Ranges. If the order of declaration is important, the active player chooses who declares first. |
related = [[BS Attack]], [[Trooper Activation]], [[White Noise]] }}


{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.0, Jan 2021 |
q = Q: Do Skills that let you perform a 'BS Attack Roll' (for example Intuitive Attack and Speculative Attack), or have the BS Attack Label, count as a BS Attack for MODs? For example if the Trooper has 'BS Attack (+1 Damage)' or 'BS Attack (AP)'. |
a = A: Yes. |
related = [[BS Attack]], [[Intuitive Attack]], [[Labels]], [[Skills and Equipment in Infinity]], [[Speculative Attack]] }}


{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.2, Jan 2022 |
q = Q: Is it possible to use the Speculative Attack Trait while making a BS Attack (Guided)? |
a = A: No. |
related = [[BS Attack]], [[Traits]] }}

{{section-combat-module}}
{{section-common-skills}}


[[Category: Combat Module]]
[[Category: Common Skills]]