{{section-combat-module}}
{{section-game-states}}


{{skillbox |black| ENGAGED STATE |}}
{{Activation}}
{{c1}}
* The Trooper is in [[Silhouette contact]] with an Enemy Trooper, and neither are in a [[Null]] or [[Immobilized]] State. 
{{c1end}}
{{n4list}}
* The Trooper is in [[Silhouette contact]] with an Enemy Trooper, and neither are in an [[Immobilized]] or [[Null]] (except [[Sepsitorized]] or [[Possessed]]) State. 
{{n4end}}
{{effects}}
*Troopers in Engaged State are considered to be in Close Combat.
{{update | PDF 2.1, July 2023}}
*Troopers in this State can only declare {{erratahighlight}}[[Berserk]]{{erratahighlight-end}}, [[CC Attack]], [[Dodge]], [[Idle]], [[Reset]], and Skills that specify that they can be used in [[Close Combat]] or in Engaged State.
{{update-end}}
*Troopers that are in Engaged State may not trace [[LoF]] outside their [[Close Combat]].
*By declaring BS Attack on a Trooper in Engaged State, the [[Ballistic_Skills#BS_Attack_Into_a_Close_Combat|BS Attack against a Close Combat]] rule must be applied.
*Template Weapons placed on a group of Troopers in Engaged state will always affect '''all '''participating Troopers, even if the placement of the Template would only affect one of them.
{{cancellation}}
*This State is cancelled when the Trooper in question ceases to be in [[Silhouette]] contact with any Enemy Troopers. 
{{c1}}
*A Trooper's Engaged State is automatically cancelled if, in the Effects step of any Order, all enemies in [[Silhouette contact]] are in [[Null]] or [[Immobilized]] States. 
{{c1end}}
{{n4list}}
*A Trooper's Engaged State is automatically cancelled if, in the Effects step of any Order, all enemies in [[Silhouette contact]] are in an [[Immobilized]] or [[Null]] (except [[Sepsitorized]] or [[Possessed]]) State.
{{n4end}}
*A Trooper may also cancel the Engaged State if they pass a '''[[Dodge]]''' Roll, either Normal or Face to Face. In this case, the Trooper must leave [[Silhouette]] contact, moving up to 2 inches to separate themselves from the enemy.<br>If they cannot move to a valid position that is outside [[Silhouette]] contact, the Trooper will remain in Engaged State without moving.


==See Also==
[[Line of Fire]] in CC.


== FAQs & Errata ==

{{faqbox |
type = errata |
title = N4 Errata |
version = 1.0, Jan 2021 |
q = [Errata] Can you use Berserk if you start the Order in Engaged State? |
a = Yes. Berserk can be declared while in Engaged State. |
related = [[Berserk]], [[Engaged State]] }}


{{section-combat-module}}
{{section-game-states}}


[[Category: Combat Module]]