{{n5-section-combat-module}}


When Troopers survive a successful Attack, it means their body armor took the brunt of the impact, keeping them from serious injury. This triggers a primal fear of death, and survival instincts kick in. The Troopers' survival instincts can force them to recoil from danger and dive for cover.

{{css_skillbox |black| GUTS ROLL}}
{{Requirements}}
* The Trooper is not in an [[Engaged]], [[Null]] or [[IMM]] State.
* The Trooper had suffered one or more successful Attacks that cause the Trooper to enter any [[State]]s or to perform any [[Saving Rolls]].
* The Guts Roll is performed even if all the attackers are in a [[Null]] State at the end of the Order.

{{effects}}
* A Guts Roll consists in a single [[Normal Roll | Normal]] [[WIP]] Roll, always performed at the very end of the Order, after performing any [[Saving Roll]]s.
* If the Guts Roll is successful, the Trooper must stand its ground and must do nothing else.
* If a Trooper would have to make a Guts Roll, its owner can instead choose to fail it automatically.
* '''If the WIP Roll is failed''', it is compulsory to perform the first of these options that the Trooper can complete:
** The Trooper must move up to 2 inches to '''completely leave''':
*** The [[LoF]] of the Enemy or Enemies (for example, in the case of a [[Coordinated Order]], or multiple [[ARO]]s) that have performed Attacks against the Trooper.
*** The danger zone or Area of Effect of Attacks that did not require LoF.
** If this is not possible, the Trooper must move up to 2 inches to gain [[Cover | Total or Partial Cover]] from all attackers.
** If the two previous options are not possible, the Trooper must go [[Prone]], facing in any direction its player chooses
* Check the enemy LoF or Area of Effect from the Trooper's final position at the end of the Order, when the Guts Roll is made.
* When checking the enemy's LoF or Area of Effect, if the Trooper is already outside them and the Guts Roll is failed, the Trooper enters Prone State, facing in a direction of the player's choice.
* This movement of a failed Guts Roll:
** Does '''not''' generate [[ARO]]s or activate [[Deployable]] Weapons or Equipment.
** Must follow the [[General Movement Rules]] as well as the [[Moving and Measuring]] rules.
** Does '''not''' allow the Trooper to enter [[Silhouette contact]] with enemy Troopers, or with Scenario Objectives.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{important-start}}
Attacks that have no PS value and do not cause any State do not require a Guts Roll. 
{{important-end}}


{{remember-start}}
Troopers in [[Engaged State]] do not make Guts Rolls.
{{remember-end}}


{{see-also}}
'''[[Stun Ammunition]]'''
* Additionally, failing the [[Saving Roll]] causes the target to automatically fail the subsequent [[Guts Roll]] for having survived an Attack, unless he has the [[Courage]] Special Skill or an equivalent.


'''[[Climbing Plus]]'''
* Climbing Plus also allows the user to move on vertical surfaces as if performing normal Movement on a horizontal surface when declaring [[Move]] or [[Dodge]], or during movement due to a failed [[Guts Roll]]. The [[General Movement Rules]] and [[Moving and Measuring]] chapter must be applied. 


'''[[Courage]]'''
* Courage allows its user to choose to automatically pass any [[Guts Roll]]s.


'''[[Religious Troop]]'''
* The user automatically passes all their [[Guts Roll]]s without requiring a Roll. This means that the user is forced to hold their position and cannot withdraw or seek cover after surviving an Attack.
* However, if the player wants the user to withdraw or gain [[Cover]] after surviving an Attack, then they may make a [[WIP]] Roll. If the Roll is a success, the user can apply the Effects of failing the Guts Roll.
{{see-also-end}}



{{n5-section-combat-module}}



[[Category: Combat Module]]