{{n5-section-combat-module}}


The Saving Roll (SR) lets you know if the target's armor or protections save it from suffering damage from an attack.

Saving Rolls work like any other Roll in the Infinity game mechanics.

To calculate the [[Success Value]] of the Saving Roll, the player must take the target's [[ARM]] or [[BTS]] Attribute value, as appropriate, and '''add''' the following to it:
* The Weapon's PS value.
* The (+3) MOD due to [[Partial Cover]], if applicable.
* Apply other MODs (+ or -) due to Special Skills or rules, if any.  
Once the Success Value of the Saving Roll is determined, the player rolls a d20 for each hit and compares the result:

* '''Saving Roll passed:''' <br>If the final result is equal to or lower than the Success Value of the Saving Roll, the impact does not cause damage, so the target does not receive any [[Wounds]], and its state is not altered.
* '''Saving Roll failed:''' <br>If the final result is higher than the Success Value of the Saving Roll, the impact causes damage. The most common consequence is that the target receives a [[Wound]] or is affected by a detrimental state.

Some Attacks, Special Ammo, or Weapons require a different type of Saving Roll. They have no PS value and instead list an Attribute with a MOD (such as PH -6), which requires a [[Normal Roll]] against the specified Attribute, applying the listed MOD.


== FAQs ==

{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N5 FAQ |
version = 0.0.0, Oct 2025 |
q = Q: What happens if the target of a Protheion user fails more Saving Rolls than are needed for it to enter Dead State? For example, if an Unconscious target fails two or more Saving Rolls. |
a = A: Any additional failed Saving Rolls will have no effect, so will not benefit the Protheion user. |
related = [[Protheion]], [[Saving Roll (SR)]] }}


[[Category: Combat Module]]