{{n5-section-special-skills}}


Troopers possessing this Special Skill have flight capabilities. While in combat, Aerial Troopers stay as close to the ground as possible to avoid being an easy target.

{{css_skillbox |black| AERIAL | AUTOMATIC SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Obligatory }}
{{effects}}
* '''Restriction:''' While this Skill is active, the Trooper cannot be in [[Prone State]] or [[Engaged State]].
* '''Restriction:''' While this Skill is Active, the Trooper is never in [[Silhouette contact]] with other Models, Objectives, scenery items, or game elements, and vice versa, even if physically touching them. 
* '''Restriction:''' Troopers with this Special Skill cannot declare [[Cautious Movement]]. 
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{see-also-start}}
'''[[Unconscious State]]'''<br>
Automatic Special Skills and Automatic Equipment have no effect while in Unconscious State.
{{see-also-end}}


{{important-start}}
'''Aerial and Guard: '''<br>
{{update | PDF 5.2, October 2025}}
{{erratahighlight}}The [[Guard]] Special Skill may not be used against Troopers with the [[Aerial]] Skill, unless they are in [[Unconscious]] State.{{erratahighlight-end}}
{{update-end}}
{{original}}
{{originalhighlight}}While this Skill is active, the [[Guard]] Special Skill may not be used against the Trooper.{{originalhighlight-end}}
{{original-end}} 
{{important-end}}


{{update | PDF 5.2, October 2025}}
{{advice-start}}
The aerial movement of Troopers with this Skill is represented using the [[Super-Jump]] and [[Terrain]] (Total) Special Skills, which are listed in their [[Unit Profile]]s. Similarly, the fact that these Troopers are harder to hit due to their higher speed and the height they can fly at is represented by {{erratahighlight}}[[Mimetism]], or other{{erratahighlight-end}} Special Skills.

In addition, it is impossible to enter [[Silhouette contact]] with these Troopers unless they are in [[Unconscious State]], so if they are not Unconscious any [[Wounds]] they have received can only be removed by using a [[GizmoKit]].
{{advice-end}}
{{update-end}}
{{original}}
{{advice-start}}
The aerial movement of Troopers with this Skill is represented using the [[Super-Jump]] and [[Terrain]] (Total) Special Skills, which are listed in their [[Unit Profile]]s. Similarly, the fact that these Troopers are harder to hit due to their higher speed and the height they can fly at is represented by {{originalhighlight}}the [[Mimetism]] or [[Albedo]]{{originalhighlight-end}} Special Skills.

In addition, it is impossible to enter [[Silhouette contact]] with these Troopers unless they are in [[Unconscious State]], so if they are not Unconscious any [[Wounds]] they have received can only be removed by using a [[GizmoKit]].
{{advice-end}}
{{original-end}}


== FAQs ==

{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N5 FAQ |
version = 0.0.0, Oct 2025 |
q = Q: Do Troopers with Aerial Special Skill activate Weapons with the Boost Trait? |
a = A: No, as it is not possible to enter [[Silhouette contact]] with Aerial Troopers. |
related = [[Aerial]], [[Perimeter_Weapons | Boost]] }}



{{n5-section-special-skills}}




[[Category:Special Skills]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Obligatory ]]

[[Category: N5.2 Update]]