{{n5-section-special-skills}}


Engineers have the means and the skill to repair damaged Equipment on the field.

{{css_skillbox |green| ENGINEER | SHORT SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Optional }}
{{requirements}}
* Troopers using this Special Skill must be in [[Silhouette contact]] with their target.
{{effects}}
* Engineer allows, by passing a [[Normal]] [[WIP]] Roll, removing a [[Wound]] from a target with the [[Structure]] Attribute (STR). This cancels [[Unconscious State]] if applicable.
* This Special Skill can be declared as many times as necessary to remove all the Wounds that the target has.
* If the Engineer fails the Normal WIP Roll, the target receives a Wound instead of removing it, entering Unconscious or [[Dead State]] if applicable.
* Alternatively, by passing a Normal WIP Roll, a Trooper with Engineer may cancel all of their target's [[States]] that can be canceled by this Special Skill except Unconscious ([[Immobilized]]-A and B, [[Targeted]], etc.), removing the corresponding State Tokens.
* Failing the Normal WIP Roll when trying to cancel other states has no negative consequence, and the Roll can be performed again in future Orders.
{{update | PDF 5.2, October 2025}}
* {{erratahighlight}}A Trooper with the Engineer Special Skill can use it on themselves, to remove any Wounds they have received, or cancel any states that can be canceled by Engineer. However, this cannot be done if the Trooper is in a [[Null]] State.{{erratahighlight-end}}
* '''Engineer (ReRoll {{erratahighlight}}WIP=X{{erratahighlight-end}}):'''<br>Once per Order, any failed Roll with this Skill may be rerolled, but {{erratahighlight}}applying the WIP Attribute indicated between brackets{{erratahighlight-end}}. The player must accept the result of this last Roll. This reroll does not provide a new ARO to the enemy.
{{update-end}}
{{original}}
* '''Engineer (ReRoll {{originalhighlight}}-X{{originalhighlight-end}}):'''<br>Once per Order, any failed Roll with this Skill may be rerolled, but {{originalhighlight}}with a negative MOD (-X) to the WIP Attribute{{originalhighlight-end}}. The player must accept the result of this last Roll. This reroll does not provide a new ARO to the enemy.
{{original-end}}
* '''Engineer and [[Remote Presence]]:'''<br>Regardless of which level of Unconscious State the target is in, with a single successful WIP Roll, they remove all the Wounds necessary to cancel the target's Unconscious State.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{important-start}}
{{update | PDF 5.2, October 2025}}
Even if the player failed the roll granted by {{erratahighlight}}Engineer (ReRoll WIP=X){{erratahighlight-end}}, they could still apply the Operational Use of the [[Command Token]]s to repeat {{erratahighlight}}an{{erratahighlight-end}} Engineer’s WIP Roll.

However, the {{erratahighlight}}Attribute value provided by the Engineer (ReRoll WIP=X){{erratahighlight-end}} Skill does not apply when repeating this Roll.
{{update-end}}
{{original}}
Even if the player failed the roll granted by {{originalhighlight}}(ReRoll -X){{originalhighlight-end}}, they could still apply the Operational Use of the [[Command Tokens]] to repeat {{originalhighlight}}a{{originalhighlight-end}} Engineer’s WIP Roll.

However, the {{originalhighlight}}negative MOD of the Engineer (ReRoll -X){{originalhighlight-end}} Skill does not apply when repeating this Roll.
{{original-end}}
{{important-end}}


{{see-also-start}}
Engineer can be used to cancel these States:
* '''[[Disconnected State]]'''
* '''[[Immobilized-A State]]'''
* '''[[Immobilized-B State]]'''
* '''[[Isolated State]]'''
* '''[[Stunned State]]'''
* '''[[Targeted State]]'''
* '''[[Unconscious State]]''' (See above for restrictions.)
{{see-also-end}}


{{see-also-start}}
'''[[Command Tokens#Command Tokens: Operational Use | Command Tokens: Operational Use]]''' and '''[[Remote Presence]]'''

If the target has Remote Presence, Command Tokens can be expended to reroll failed Engineer Rolls.


'''[[Technorganic]]'''
* The Unconscious State of the Trooper can be cancelled by using either the [[Doctor]] or [[Engineer]] Skill, or the [[MediKit]] or [[GizmoKit]] pieces of Equipment, regardless of whether they have the [[VITA]] or [[STR]] Attribute. 


'''[[Order Expenditure Sequence]]'''
{{update | PDF 5.2, October 2025}}
{{Important-start}}
{{erratahighblock}}
If a Trooper receives and removes [[Wound]]s or [[States]] in the same Order, the positive effect is always applied first, followed by the negative effect. 

For example, if an [[Engineer]] cancels a Trooper’s [[IMM-A]] State at the same time that the same Trooper is hit by a Riotstopper, the Engineer’s WIP Roll to cancel the Trooper’s IMM-A State is made first, then the Trooper makes their PH-6 [[Saving Roll]] against the Riotstopper’s [[PARA]] Special Ammunition. In this way, the original IMM-A Status could be canceled and a new one inflicted in the same Order.{{erratahighblock-end}}
{{Important-end}}
{{update-end}}
{{see-also-end}}



{{n5-section-special-skills}}



[[Category:Special Skills]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Optional ]]

[[Category: N5.2 Update]]