{{n5-section-special-skills}}


The Trooper's urge to kill is barely contained. Once he gets a first taste of blood, he will become a whirlwind of death.

{{css_skillbox |black| FRENZY | AUTOMATIC SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Obligatory, States Phase. }}
{{update | PDF 5.2, October 2025}}
{{requirements}}
* {{erratahighlight}}Directly inflict{{erratahighlight-end}} at least one [[Wound]] on an [[Enemy]] Trooper, or {{erratahighlight}}cause{{erratahighlight-end}} them to enter [[Dead State]]. 

{{effects}}
* {{erratahighlight}}In the States Phase of the Player Turn where the Requirements have been met{{erratahighlight-end}}, the Trooper gains the following Special Skills and retains them for the remainder of the game: 
** [[Impetuous]]
** [[Limited Cover]]
* When Frenzy Troopers gain the Impetuous Special Skill, they cancel any Marker State they are in ([[Camouflaged]], [[Impersonation State | Impersonation]]...), and any other States that say so. These Troopers cannot re-enter those States.
{{update-end}}
{{original}}
{{activation}}
* {{originalhighlight}}Automatic in the [[States Phase]] if the user has inflicted{{originalhighlight-end}} at least one [[Wound]] on an [[Enemy]] Trooper, or {{originalhighlight}}caused{{originalhighlight-end}} them to enter [[Dead State]].

{{effects}}
* {{originalhighlight}}If the user inflicts at least one Wound on an enemy Trooper, or causes them to enter Dead State, then in the next States Phase{{originalhighlight-end}} the Trooper gains the following Special Skills and retains them for the remainder of the game:
** [[Impetuous]]
** [[Limited Cover]]
* When Frenzy Troopers gain the Impetuous Special Skill, they cancel any Marker State they are in ([[Camouflaged]], [[Impersonation State | Impersonation]]...), and any other States that say so. These Troopers cannot re-enter those States.
{{original-end}}
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{update | PDF 5.2, October 2025}}
{{advice}}
{{erratahighlight}}The Requirements for this Special Skill demand that the Frenzy Trooper must inflict the [[Wound]] directly on the target, or cause them to enter Dead State. The Trooper’s [[Deployable]] Weapons are not taken into account for the fulfillment of the Requirements.
{{erratahighlight-end}}{{advice-end}}
{{update-end}}



[[Category:Special Skills]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Obligatory ]]
[[Category: States Phase ]]

[[Category: N5.2 Update]]