{{n5-section-special-skills}}


This Special Skill ties the behavior of entire armies to the user's discipline and state of mind.

{{update | PDF 5.2, October 2025}}
{{css_skillbox |black| INSPIRING LEADERSHIP | AUTOMATIC SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Obligatory }}
{{effects}}
* If the user belongs to a [[Fireteam]] where all members have the [[Regular]] Training Characteristic listed in their '''[[Unit Profile]]s''', apply a +2 inch bonus to the Team Leader’s [[Zone of Control]] when making [[Coherency]] Checks for the Fireteam.
* {{erratahighlight}}'''Restriction:''' This bonus is not cumulative with any bonus to the Team Leader’s Zone of Control. {{erratahighlight-end}}
* {{erratahighlight}}If the user is the '''[[Lieutenant]]''' of the Army, is on the game table, and not in a [[Null]] State ([[Unconscious]], [[Dead]], [[Sepsitorized]]…), the following effects are applied:{{erratahighlight-end}}
** All Troopers in the [[Army List]] that provide Orders: 
*** Possess the [[Regular]] Training Characteristic. 
*** Have the [[Courage]] Special Skill. Troopers with the [[Religious Troop]] Special Skill don’t apply this Effect. 
** You may declare a [[Coordinated Order]] that includes the user by spending only the [[Lieutenant Special Order | Special Lieutenant Order]], without expenditure of [[Command Token]]s or extra Orders.
** The army is not affected by the Retreat! rule, and never enters a [[Retreat Situation | Retreat! situation]].
* {{erratahighlight}}If the user '''becomes the [[Lieutenant]]''' of the Army (for example via the [[Chain of Command]] Special Skill or after a [[Loss of Lieutenant]] situation), the previous Effects of Inspiring Leadership apply immediately after the user has been appointed as Lieutenant.{{erratahighlight-end}} 
{{css_skillbox-end}}
{{update-end}}
{{original}}
{{css_skillbox |black| INSPIRING LEADERSHIP | AUTOMATIC SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Obligatory }}
{{requirements}}
* {{originalhighlight}}In order to apply the effects of Inspiring Leadership, the user must be the [[Lieutenant]] of the Army, be on the game table, and not be in a [[Null]] State ([[Unconscious]], [[Dead]], [[Sepsitorized]]...).{{originalhighlight-end}}
{{effects}}
* All Troopers in the [[Army List]] that provide Orders:
** Possess the [[Regular]] Training Characteristic.
** Have the [[Courage]] Special Skill. Troopers with the [[Religious Troop]] Special Skill don't apply this Effect.
* You may declare a [[Coordinated Order]] that includes the user by spending only the [[Lieutenant Special Order | Special Lieutenant Order]], without expenditure of [[Command Token]]s or extra Orders.
* If the user belongs to a [[Fireteam]] where all members already have the Regular Training Characteristic in their '''[[Unit Profiles]]''', apply a +2 inch bonus to the Team Leader's [[Zone of Control]] when making [[Coherency]] Checks for the Fireteam.
* The army is not affected by the Retreat! rule, and never enters a [[Retreat Situation | Retreat! situation]].
{{css_skillbox-end}}
{{original-end}}



[[Category:Special Skills]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Obligatory ]]

[[Category: N5.2 Update]]