{{n5-section-special-skills}}


This Special Skill indicates the possession of hybrid self-repairing equipment that can be treated by both combat medics and field engineers. 

{{css_skillbox |black| TECHNORGANIC  | AUTOMATIC SKILL  }}
{{skill-label | Optional  }}

{{requirements}}
* The Trooper is in [[Unconscious]] State. 

{{effects}}
* The Unconscious State of the Trooper can be cancelled by using either the [[Doctor]] or [[Engineer]] Skill, or the [[MediKit]] or [[GizmoKit]] pieces of Equipment, regardless of whether they have the [[VITA]] or [[STR]] Attribute. 
* This Special Skill remains active even when its owner is in a [[Null]] State. 
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{greybox|Example}}
A Trooper with a [[STR]] Attribute of 2 and the Technorganic Skill has received two [[Wound]]s and is in [[Unconscious]] State. 

If a Trooper with the [[Doctor]] Special Skill reaches [[Silhouette contact]], they could use Doctor to cancel the target's Unconscious State and remove one of the target's Wounds, even though their target lacks the [[VITA]] Attribute. 

If the Trooper reaching Silhouette contact has the [[Engineer]] Special Skill instead of Doctor, they could use Engineer to remove one of the target's Wounds and cancel their Unconscious State, and in a subsequent Order remove the remaining Wound, as is usual for targets with the STR Attribute. 

If the Trooper in Unconscious State has a VITA Attribute of 2 instead of the STR Attribute, receives a successful hit from a [[GizmoKit]] and passes the corresponding roll, they remove a Wound and therefore cancel their Unconscious State. However, a new successful hit from a GizmoKit&#8213;succeeding the corresponding roll&#8213;would have no effect, as the Trooper lacks the STR Attribute, and Technorganic requires the Trooper to be in Unconscious State.
{{boxend}}



{{n5-section-special-skills}}



[[Category:Special Skills]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Optional ]]

[[Category: N5.2 Update]]