{{n5-section-special-skills}}


This Special Skill indicates the capacity to cancel States when an allied GizmoKit is applied to its user. 

{{css_skillbox |black| TECH-RECOVERY  | AUTOMATIC SKILL  }}
{{skill-label | Optional  }}

{{requirements}}
* The user must be in a State that can be canceled by the [[Engineer]] Special Skill.
* The user has received a successful hit from an allied [[GizmoKit]], or it has been applied to them through [[Silhouette contact]]. 

{{effects}}
* By passing a Normal [[PH]] Roll, the user cancels all their States that can be canceled by the Engineer Special Skill ([[Immobilized-A]], [[Immobilized-B]], [[Isolated]], [[Targeted]]...), removing the corresponding State Tokens. 
* '''Restriction'''. This Special Skill does '''not''' apply to [[Unconscious]] State, which must be canceled by applying the usual rules. 
* Failing the Normal PH Roll has no negative consequences, and the Roll can be performed again in future Orders. 
* If the user lists GizmoKit in their [[Unit Profile]] with a PH value between brackets, they will apply this PH value when a GizmoKit is used on them. 
* This Special Skill remains active even when its owner is in a [[Null]] State. 
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{see-also-start}}
Engineer can be used to cancel these States:
* '''[[Disconnected State]]'''
* '''[[Immobilized-A State]]'''
* '''[[Immobilized-B State]]'''
* '''[[Isolated State]]'''
* '''[[Stunned State]]'''
* '''[[Targeted State]]'''
* '''[[Unconscious State]]'''
{{see-also-end}}


{{greybox | Example }} 
A Trooper with the [[Aerial]] and Tech-Recovery Special Skills is in [[Unconscious]], [[Immobilized-A]], and [[Isolated]] States. An ally makes a successful [[BS Attack]] with its [[GizmoKit]] against them, so they can make a Normal PH Roll to cancel its Unconscious State. Upon passing the Roll, the [[Unconscious]] State is cancelled and the State Token is removed. 

Now, the ally with a GizmoKit spends a new Order and makes another successful BS Attack against the same target, with the intention of canceling the two remaining States, as that Trooper has the Tech-Recovery Special Skill. The Trooper makes a Normal PH Roll and, after passing it, cancels the Immobilized-A and Isolated States, removing the corresponding State Tokens.
{{boxend}}



{{n5-section-special-skills}}



[[Category:Special Skills]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Optional ]]

[[Category: N5.2 Update]]