{{section-terrain-and-scenery-section}}


== Access Width (AW) ==

In Infinity, the scenery used on the table to simulate the game and mission settings is usually made up of buildings with different kinds of access points, such as a doorway, a window, etc.

This section describes the different types of access points regarding their size and which Troopers are allowed to pass through them. There are two possible Access Widths:
* '''Narrow'''. This access point is only big enough for Troopers with a [[Silhouette]] Attribute of '''2 or lower'''. It is marked by a Narrow Gate Token (NARROW GATE).
* '''Wide'''. This access point allows all Troopers to pass through, regardless of their [[Silhouette]] value. It is marked by a Wide Gate Token (WIDE GATE).

Both players must agree on the Access Width the pieces of scenery could have before the game starts, marking them accordingly.


{{Remember-start}}
Troopers in [[Prone State]], with Silhouette X, must apply the Silhouette Attribute value shown on their [[Unit Profile]] when considering restrictions for access points.
{{remember-end}}


{{Important-start}}
The Access Width rule always takes priority over the [[General Movement Rules]] and the Requirements of Skills with the [[Movement Label]]. If a Trooper does not have the Silhouette Attribute a specific access requires, the Trooper will not be able to go through it.
{{important-end}}


{{greybox-start}}
In Infinity, gates and accesses are always considered to be open, not blocking Line of Fire, unless a special rule or scenario condition says otherwise. 
{{greybox-end}}





[[Category: Terrain & Scenery Structures]]