{{section-main-sections}}

{{n5-section-terrain-and-scenery-section}}


This chapter makes reference to additional rules that players may use to make their matches more realistic and complete, thus increasing and improving the game experience of Infinity. These rules are optional and must be agreed by players beforehand. 

== Special Terrain ==
Special Terrain zones are areas of the battlefield with special game rules. Players can situate them freely and mark their perimeter in a number of different ways, up to and including building their own thematic scenery.

Special Terrain rules are an easy way to spice up your Infinity games with new tactical challenges, and create interesting, asymmetrical battlegrounds.


{{css_skillbox |black|  SPECIAL TERRAIN }}
{{requirements}}
* Mark Special Terrain areas when you set up the game table, before the game starts.
* These areas must have well-defined, recognizable limits whether they are represented by templates, pieces of scenery, or any other means.
* In game terms, Special Terrain areas have infinite height unless otherwise specified.
* Players must discuss and agree on the specific characteristics of each Special Terrain area.
* When preparing the game table, the players must assign the characteristics that define each Special Terrain area: [[Difficult Movement]], [[Saturation]], [[Visibility Conditions]] and [[Types of Terrain | Type of Terrain]].
* Each Special Terrain must have the Type of Terrain characteristic and at least one other characteristic.

<div class="n5-req-eff n5-effects"><div class="n5-effects-inner">AREA OF EFFECT OF SPECIAL TERRAIN ZONES</div></div>
* In Infinity, the [[Area of Effect]] of a Special Terrain zone is the area in where its special effects are applied. Any Trooper in [[Silhouette contact]] with a Special Terrain zone, or whose base or [[Silhouette Template]] is covered at least partially by a Special Terrain zone, is equally affected by the Effects of the zone.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


== Characteristics of the Terrain ==
Terrain can be used to improve the game experience and has a series of combined characteristics that allow for multiple gaming options.

See [[Types of Terrain]], [[Difficult Terrain]], [[Saturation]] , and [[Visibility Conditions]].


== Special Terrain Suggestions and Examples ==

{| class="n5table-dark
|-
! colspan="5"| Special Terrain Suggestions and Examples
|-
! EXAMPLE !! TYPE OF TERRAIN !! DIFFICULT TERRAIN !! VISIBILITY CONDITIONS !! SATURATION ZONE
|- 
| Beach || Aquatic || Yes || -- || No
|- 
| Open Sea || Aquatic || Yes || -- || No
|- 
| Swamp || Aquatic || Yes || -- || Yes
|- 
| Rocky Ground || Desert || Optional || -- || Yes
|- 
| Sand Dunes || Desert || Yes || -- || No
|- 
| Low Mountain or Steep Hills || Mountain || -- || -- || No
|- 
| Arctic Plains || Mountain || Optional || -- || No
|- 
| Mid-Mountain || Mountain || Yes || Low Visibility || No
|- 
| High Mountain || Mountain || Yes || Low Visibility || Yes
|- 
| Woods || Jungle || Optional || Low Visibility || Yes
|- 
| Jungle || Jungle || Yes || Poor Visibility || Yes
|- 
| Dense Jungle || Jungle || Yes || Poor Visibility || Yes
|- 
| Primeval Forest || Jungle || Yes || Zero Visibility || Yes
|- 
| Zero-G || Zero-G || Yes || -- || No
|- 
| Storm || Aquatic/ Desert/ Mountain/ Jungle || -- || Increases Visibility Conditions by one level || --
|- 
| Engine Room || Optional Zero-G || Yes if Zero-G || Low Visibility || Yes
|- 
| Generator Room || Optional Zero-G || Yes if Zero-G || White Noise || Yes
|- 
| Energy Core Room || Optional Zero-G || Yes if Zero-G  || Low Visibility + White Noise || --
|}



{{section-main-sections}}

{{n5-section-terrain-and-scenery-section}}


[[Category: Terrain & Scenery Structures]]