{{section-special-skills}}


{{n4annex}}
{{n4list}}
{{update | March 2022}}
This Special Skill allows the {{erratahighlight}}Fireteam: Haris{{erratahighlight-end}} of its owner to apply the {{erratahighlight}}Bonuses of a Fireteam of five members{{erratahighlight-end}}.
{{skillbox |black| TRI-CORE | AUTOMATIC SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Optional }}
{{requirements}}
* The owner must be a member of a {{erratahighlight}}[[Fireteam: Haris]]{{erratahighlight-end}}.
* Players can have a maximum of '''one''' Trooper possessing this Special Skill in their Army List. 
{{effects}}
* This Special Skill allows the {{erratahighlight}}Fireteam Haris of its owner to apply the [[Fireteam Bonuses | Fireteam Size Bonuses]] of a Fireteam of five members {{erratahighlight-end}}.
* The effects of this Special Skill are cancelled when the {{erratahighlight}}Fireteam: Haris{{erratahighlight-end}} is reduced to less than three members.
* The effects of this Special Skill are cancelled at the end of the Order in which its owner ceases to be part of the {{erratahighlight}}Fireteam: Haris{{erratahighlight-end}} or enters [[Isolated]] State or any [[Null]] State.
* In the Active and Reactive Turn, players must mark the use of this Special Skill by placing a Tri-Core Token besides the {{erratahighlight}}Fireteam Leader{{erratahighlight-end}} Token.
{{update-end}}
{{original}}
This Special Skill allows the {{originalhighlight}}Fireteam: Triad{{originalhighlight-end}} of its owner to apply the {{originalhighlight}}four and five-member Fireteam Bonuses{{originalhighlight-end}}.

{{skillbox |black| TRI-CORE | AUTOMATIC SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Optional }}
{{requirements}}
* The owner must be a member of a {{originalhighlight}}[[Types_of_Fireteam#FIRETEAM:_TRIAD | Fireteam: Triad]]{{originalhighlight-end}}. 
* Players can have a maximum of '''one''' Trooper possessing this Special Skill in their Army List. 
{{effects}}
* This Special Skill allows the {{originalhighlight}}[[Fireteam: Triad]] of its owner to apply the four and five members Fireteam Bonuses, in addition to the Bonuses of this type of Fireteam{{originalhighlight-end}}.
* The effects of this Special Skill are cancelled when the {{originalhighlight}}Fireteam: Triad{{originalhighlight-end}} is reduced to less than '''three''' members.
* The effects of this Special Skill are cancelled at the end of the Order in which its owner ceases to be part of the {{originalhighlight}}Fireteam: Triad{{originalhighlight-end}} or enters [[Isolated]] State or any [[Null]] State.
* In the Active and Reactive Turn, players '''must''' mark the use of this Special Skill by placing a Tri-Core Token besides the {{originalhighlight}}Team Leader{{originalhighlight-end}} Token. 
{{original-end}}


===Tri-Core game example ===
During the Active Turn, a Spiral Corps player activates a Fireteam: Triad with three members, which includes a Taagma Schemer with Tri-Core, so in that Order that Triad can apply the three, four and five-member Fireteam Bonuses. 

In the following Order, the Spiral Corps player decides to activate that Fireteam: Triad again. However, when performing the Coherency Check the player realizes the Triad is composed of only two members. So, that Triad cannot use Tri-Core or apply the three-member Fireteam Bonus. 



{{n4end}}



[[Category:Special Skills]]
[[Category: N4 Annex]]