{{n5-section-victory}}


Retreat! allows Infinity players to continue to play as long as there are survivors on the table, fighting to their last man to turn the game around at the last minute.

In game terms, each player, at the beginning of their [[Active Turn]], during the [[Tactical Phase]], must make a count of their [[Victory Points]]. For this purpose, consider any Troopers that have not yet been placed on the table ([[Airborne Deployment]], [[Hidden Deployment]]…) as survivors. If the sum of the Victory Points is equal to or less than 25% of the points available for building the [[Army List]], then that army enters a Retreat! situation.


== End-Game: Retreat! ==

{| class="n5table-dark"
|-
! colspan="2"| End-Game: Retreat!
|-
! Army Points !! Point Value of Survivors (25% Army Points)
|- 
| 400 || 100 Points or less
|- 
| 350 || 88 Points or less
|- 
| 300 || 75 Points or less
|- 
| 250 || 63 Points or less
|- 
| 200 || 50 Points or less
|- 
| 150 || 38 Points or less
|}


== Characteristics of an Army in the Retreat! Situation ==

* An army in a Retreat! situation is automatically in a [[Loss of Lieutenant]] situation.
* As long as the army is in the Retreat! situation, the player cannot name a new [[Lieutenant]]. If the Retreat! situation is cancelled and the army has a Lieutenant, then the Loss of Lieutenant situation is also cancelled.
* In a Retreat! situation the [[Impetuous Phase]] of the Player Turn is not applied. So, [[Impetuous]] or [[Frenzy]] Troopers cannot be activated in the Impetuous Phase. 
* In a Retreat! situation, all Troopers who exit the game table via the widest side of their [[Deployment Zone]] are considered to have survived the battle and can be counted as [[Victory Points]] by their owner.
* When a player whose army is in a Retreat! situation has lost or evacuated all Troopers in their [[Army List]], the game ends, unless the specific end-game conditions of the scenario being played indicate otherwise.
* At the beginning of each of their Active Turns, players make a count of their surviving troops. If the point cost of the survivors is more than the 25% threshold—because an Unconscious troop was restored to combat readiness, for example—then the player's Retreat! situation is cancelled, the Retreat! Tokens (RETREAT!) are removed from their Troopers, and the Troopers' [[Retreat State | Retreat! States]] are cancelled.


{{see-also}}
'''[[Retreat State]]''' activation:
* At the beginning of the Player Turn, the Trooper's army enters the Retreat! situation.
{{see-also-end}}


{| class="n5table-dark"
|-
! Retreat Quick Reference Chart
|- 
| If a player's surviving Troopers account for only 25% or less of the [[Army List]], then that player declares a Retreat!
|- 
| The Army is in [[Loss of Lieutenant]] situation.
|- 
| As a result of the Loss of Lieutenant situation, all Troopers become [[Irregular]] (there may be exceptions due to Special Skills or other circumstances) and the corresponding Irregular Order Marker is placed next to each one of them.
|- 
| A [[Retreat State | Retreat! Marker]] is placed next to each one of the Troopers on the gaming table.
|- 
| Troopers with a Retreat! Marker may only perform [[Basic Short Skill]]s, [[Dodge]], [[Reset]], and [[Cautious Movement]].  
|- 
| Troopers with a Retreat! Marker that exit the table through the broader side of their [[Deployment Zone]] are counted as [[Victory Points]].
|- 
| At the beginning of each Turn, Victory Points must be counted, and should the surviving Troopers account for more than 25% of the Army List, then the Retreat! is cancelled.
|}


{{see-also}}
'''[[Religious Troop]]s'''
* The user is not affected by the [[Retreat Situation | Retreat! situation]] and does not enter the [[Retreat State | Retreat! State]], acting normally until the end of the game.
* '''Restriction:''' In a Retreat! situation, the user cannot voluntarily abandon the game table unless the scenario rules indicate otherwise.
* The user is affected by the [[Loss of Lieutenant]] situation, including in a Retreat! situation.


'''[[Courage]]'''
* Troopers with the Courage Special Skill are unaffected by [[Retreat Situation | Retreat! situations]], so they cannot enter [[Retreat State | Retreat! State]] and act normally until the end of the game.
* However, even in a Retreat! situation, Troops possessing Courage are affected by [[Loss of Lieutenant]].


'''[[Warhorse]]'''
* The user is not affected by the [[Retreat Situation | Retreat! situation]], remains [[Regular]], and does not enter [[Retreat State | Retreat! State]], acting normally until the end of the game.
{{see-also-end}}


{{n5-section-victory}}



[[Category: Victory Conditions]]