{{n5-section-ammo-and-weaponry}}
{{n5-section-reference-charts}}


{| class="n5table-dark"
|-
! Ammunition !! Saving Roll Attribute !! No. Save Rolls !! Critical No. Save Rolls !! Special Effect
|-
| '''[[N]]''' || ARM/BTS* || 1 || 2 ||
|-
| '''[[AP]]''' || ARM/BTS* || 1 || 2 || Halves the target’s ARM or BTS
|-
| '''[[DA]]''' || ARM/BTS* || 2 || 3 || 
|-
| '''[[E/M]]''' || BTS || 2 || 3 || Halves the target’s BTS, State: [[Isolated]], State: [[IMM-B]] against [[HI]], [[REM]], [[TAG]], or [[VH]]
|-
| '''[[ECLIPSE]]''' || - || - || - || Blocks [[LoF]], [[Non-Lethal]], [[Reflective]]
|-
| '''[[EXP]]''' || ARM/BTS* || 3 || 4 || 
|-
| '''[[PARA]]''' || PH-6 || 1 || 2 || State: [[IMM-A]]
|-
| '''[[SHOCK]]''' || ARM/BTS* || 1 || 2 || Cancels [[Unconscious]]
|-
| '''[[SMOKE]]''' || - || - || - || Blocks [[LoF]], [[Non-Lethal]]
|-
| '''[[STUN]]''' || ARM/BTS* || 1 || 2 || [[Non-Lethal]], State: [[Stunned]]
|-
| '''[[T2]]''' || ARM/BTS* || 1 || 2** || Inflicts 2 [[Wound]]s
|}
'''NOTE: *''' The Attribute for the [[Saving Roll]] can be either ARM or BTS depending on the Weapon.
<br>
'''NOTE: **''' The additional Saving Roll for T2 Ammunition works differently, see [[T2 Ammunition]].


{{see-also-start}}
===Critical Exceptions===

'''[[Continuous Damage]] Trait'''
: After failing a [[Saving Roll]], the target receives a [[Wound]] and will have to keep making Saving Rolls until it passes a Saving Roll or until it enters [[Dead State]]. A [[Critical]] hit with a weapon with this Trait forces the target to make an additional Saving Roll. This extra Saving Roll doesn't apply the Continuous Damage Trait.

'''[[T2 Ammunition]]'''
* [[Critical]] hits with T2 Ammunition cause the target to make an additional Saving Roll. Failing this additional Saving Roll inflicts '''only 1''' additional Wound on the target. It is important to indicate, before performing the Saving Rolls, which die corresponds to the Saving Roll from the hit and which die to the additional Saving Roll from the Critical effect.
{{see-also-end}}



{{n5-section-ammo-and-weaponry}}
{{n5-section-reference-charts}}





[[Category: Reference Charts]]
[[Category: Ammunition and Weaponry]]