{{n5-section-ammo-and-weaponry}}


In Infinity some weapons can combine the effects of more than one type of Ammunition. These weapons will indicate the different types of Ammunition they combine with the plus sign ([[AP]]+[[DA]] for example).

Combined Ammunition works as a single Ammunition that adds the effects of the different Ammunitions that compose it.

Therefore, when obtaining a Critical with Combined Ammunition, the target must perform an additional [[Saving Roll]]. The additional Saving Roll will apply the effects of the different types Ammunition that compose it, if applicable.


{{greybox-start | Examples of Combined Ammunition}}
* A hit with [[AP]]+[[DA]] Ammunition forces the target to perform two [[Saving Rolls]] (due to the DA Ammunition) with the ARM or BTS Attribute halved (due to the AP Ammunition).
* A [[Critical]] with AP+DA Ammunition forces the target to perform one extra Saving Roll with the ARM or BTS Attribute halved. Consequently, the target must perform three Saving Rolls with the ARM or BTS Attribute halved, for each Critical with AP+DA Ammunition (two due to the DA Ammunition and one due to the Critical).
* A Critical with [[AP]]+[[EXP]] Ammunition forces the target to perform one extra Saving Roll with the ARM or BTS Attribute halved. <br>The target must therefore perform four Saving Rolls with the ARM or BTS Attribute halved for each Critical with AP+EXP Ammunition (three due to the EXP Ammunition and one due to the Critical).
* An impact with [[Normal (N) Ammunition | N]]+[[Electromagnetic (E/M) Ammunition |E/M]] Ammunition forces the target to perform two Saving Rolls (due to the E/M Ammunition) with the BTS Attribute halved (due to the E/M Ammunition). <br>Due to the Normal Ammunition, each failed Saving Roll inflicts 1 [[Wound]] on the target. In addition, due to the E/M Ammunition, any failed Saving Roll causes the target to enter [[Isolated State]], and to enter [[Immobilized-B State]] if they are Heavy Infantry ([[HI]]), a [[TAG]], a Remote ([[REM]]), or a Vehicle ([[VH]]).
* A Critical with N+E/M Ammunition forces the target to perform one extra Saving Roll with the BTS Attribute halved. Consequently, the target must perform three Saving Rolls with the BTS Attribute halved, for each Critical with N+E/M Ammunition (two due to the E/M Ammunition and one due to the Critical).
{{greybox-end}}



{{n5-section-ammo-and-weaponry}}



[[Category: Ammunition and Weaponry]]