{{n5-section-ammo-and-weaponry}}


Demolition (or simply D) Charges is the generic name for any number of explosive charges. As a weapon, they have been designed to demolish structures, objectives and terrain alike, but they can also be used in Close Combat.

{{css_skillbox |black| D-CHARGES }}
{{requirements}}
* To use D-Charges in Demolition Mode, the user must be in [[Silhouette contact]] with a Building or Scenery Structure, or with an Enemy Model in an [[Immobilized]] or [[Null]] State (except [[Sepsitorized]] or [[Possessed]]).
* To use D-Charges in CC Mode, the user must be in Silhouette contact with an enemy Trooper.

{{effects}}
* D-Charges in Demolition Mode:
** Are placed using the [[Place Deployable]] Short Skill.
** '''Restriction:''' Cannot be used in [[ARO]].
** Detonate during the [[Resolution]] Step of the Order, without requiring a Roll.
* D-Charges in CC Mode:
** Follow the [[Close Combat | CC Combat]] rules.
* The detonation of D-Charges doesn't affect the user.
* Both Modes of using this weapon share the [[Disposable]] (3) Trait. The user may use it just 3 times max, no matter which Mode they are using.
* The '''[[Improvised]]''' Trait gives a '''CC-6 MOD''' to the user.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{n5_weapon_single}}
{{n5_weaponrow|[[D-Charges]] (Demolition Mode)| | | | | | | |6|1|AP+EXP|ARM/2|3|[[Anti-materiel]], [[Disposable (3)]], [*]}}
{{n5_weaponrow|[[D-Charges]] (CC Mode)| | | | | | | |6|1|AP+EXP|ARM/2|3|[[Anti-materiel]], [[CC]], [[Disposable (3)]], [[Improvised]], [*]}}
|}



[[Category: Ammunition and Weaponry]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Disposable ]]
[[Category: Anti-materiel ]]
[[Category: CC ]]
[[Category: Improvised ]]