{{n5-section-ammo-and-weaponry}}


A two-use Disposable BS support weapon that allows Speculative Attacks, uses the BS Attribute, and fires Disco Balls, light-emitting jamming devices.

{{css_skillbox |black| DISCO BALL }}
{{weapon-label | BS Attack, Disposable (2), Targetless. }}
{{effects}}
* You do not need a target for the Disco Baller, simply choose the desired location and make the corresponding {{erratahighlight}}non Face to Face Normal BS{{erratahighlight-end}} Roll. If you pass the Roll, a Disco Ball is successfully deployed in the location, placing a Disco Ball Miniature or Token in the [[Conclusion]] step of the Order.
* After placing the Disco Ball, place an '''[[Eclipse]]''' Special Ammo Circular Template, centered on the Disco Ball. 
* At the start of the [[States Phase]], the Disco Ball deactivates. Remove the Circular Template.
* Deactivated Disco Balls can be reactivated using the Activate Disco Ball Skill. 
* A deployed Disco Ball remains on the table until the end of the game, or until it is destroyed.
{{minorchange|October 2025|N5.2}}
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{n5_weapon_single}}
{{n5_weaponrow|[[Disco Baller]]|0|+3|-3|-6|--|--|--|--|1|--|--|--|[[Speculative Attack]], [[Disposable (2)]], [[Double Shot]], [[Targetless]], [*]}}
|}

{| class="n5table-dark
|-
! Name !! ARM !! BTS !! STR !! S
|- 
| Disco Ball || 0 || 0 || 1 || 1
|}


== Activate Disco Ball ==

{{css_skillbox |green| ACTIVATE DISCO BALL | SHORT SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Attack }}
{{requirements}}
* The Trooper must have the [[Deactivator]] piece of Equipment. 
* The Disco Ball must be in the [[LoF]] or [[Zone of Control]] of the Trooper.
* Only [[allied]] Disco Balls can be Activated this way, never enemy Disco Balls. 
{{effects}}
* By making a successful [[WIP]] +3 [[Normal Roll]], this Skill allows for the remote activation of an allied Disco Ball.
* The [[Range]] MODs of the Deactivator are applied to the Roll.
* If the Roll is successful, in the [[Conclusion]] Step of the Order place the [[Eclipse]] Special Ammo Circular Template, centered on the Disco Ball Model or Token. 
* At the start of the [[States Phase]], the Disco Ball deactivates. Remove the Circular Template. 
{{update | PDF 5.2, October 2025}}
* {{erratahighlight}}If the DiscoBall is destroyed remove the Circular Template from the game table.{{erratahighlight-end}}
{{update-end}}
{{css_skillbox-end}}


==FAQs==

{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N5 FAQ |
version = 0.0.0, Oct 2025 |
q = Q: When using Place Deployable and declaring where the Deployable will be placed, what happens if a Trooper moves into that space before the Conclusion of the Order? |
a = A: The Trooper that declared Place Deployable may place the Deployable in a different position (still following the Place Deployable rule), and if this is not possible, the Deployable will be lost.

This also applies to weapons that place a Deployable Weapon or Equipment on a successful Roll, such as Disco Ballers, Pitchers, and Drop Bears (BS Mode). |
related = [[Disco Baller]], [[Drop Bears]], [[Mine Dispenser]], [[Pitcher]], [[Place Deployable]] }}



{{n5-section-ammo-and-weaponry}}


[[Category: Ammunition and Weaponry]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Speculative Attack ]]
[[Category: BS Attack ]]
[[Category: Disposable ]]
[[Category: Targetless ]]
[[Category: Double Shot ]]

[[Category: N5.2 Update]]