{{n5-section-ammo-and-weaponry}}


"Drop Bear" is the colloquial name used in the military for a thrown version of the Mine. The operator of this weapon can throw it, even over an obstacle, or alternatively can deploy it within arm's reach like an old-fashioned mine.

{{css_skillbox |black| DROP BEAR }}
{{effects}}
This weapon has two modes of use, Deployable Mode and BS Mode:
* '''Drop Bear (Deployable Mode):'''
** In this Mode, Drop Bears work just like a [[Mines | Mine]], so are placed with the [[Place Deployable]] or [[Intuitive Attack]] Common Skills, except that a Mine Token [Mine (-3)] is placed instead of a Camouflage Marker.
* '''Drop Bear (BS Mode):'''
** You do not need a target to throw a Drop Bear as a [[BS Weapon]], simply choose the desired location and make the corresponding Roll. If you pass the Roll, the Drop Bear is successfully deployed and becomes a Mine, placing a Mine Token [MINE (-3)] in the [[Conclusion]] step of the Order.
** A Drop Bear cannot detonate during the Order it is used in BS Mode.
** In BS Weapon Mode, Drop Bears cannot be placed where there is an enemy [[Camouflaged | Camouflage Marker]] inside its [[Trigger Area]]. This restriction does not apply if there is a valid, non-camouflaged enemy inside the Trigger Area
* The [[Disposable]] (3) Trait is shared between all Modes. The bearer of this weapon has only three uses available, no matter which Modes are used.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{see-also-start}}
Once deployed, Drop Bears work just like '''[[Mines]]'''.
{{see-also-end}}


{{n5_weapon_single}}
{{n5_weaponrow|Drop Bears (BS Mode)|+3|-3|--|--|--|--|--|--|1|--|--|--|[[BS Weapon (PH)]], [[Speculative Attack]], [[Disposable (3)]], [[Targetless]], [*]}}
{{n5_weaponrow|Drop Bears (Deployable Mode)| | | | | | | |7|1|SHOCK|ARM|1|[[Intuitive Attack]], [[Disposable (3)]], [[Direct Template (Small Teardrop)]], [[Deployable]], [*]}}
|}

{| class="n5table-dark
|-
! ARM !! BTS !! STR !! S
|- 
| 0 || 0 || 1 || 0
|}


== FAQs ==

{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N5 FAQ |
version = 0.0.0, Oct 2025 |
q = Q: When using Place Deployable and declaring where the Deployable will be placed, what happens if a Trooper moves into that space before the Conclusion of the Order? |
a = A: The Trooper that declared Place Deployable may place the Deployable in a different position (still following the Place Deployable rule), and if this is not possible, the Deployable will be lost.

This also applies to weapons that place a Deployable Weapon or Equipment on a successful Roll, such as Disco Ballers, Pitchers, and Drop Bears (BS Mode). |
related = [[Disco Baller]], [[Drop Bears]], [[Mine Dispenser]], [[Pitcher]], [[Place Deployable]] }}



{{n5-section-ammo-and-weaponry}}


[[Category: Ammunition and Weaponry]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: BS Weapon (PH) ]]
[[Category: Speculative Attack ]]
[[Category: Disposable ]]
[[Category: Targetless ]]
[[Category: Intuitive Attack ]]
[[Category: Direct Template (Small Teardrop) ]]
[[Category: Direct Template ]]
[[Category: Deployable ]]