{{section-ammo-and-weaponry}}


This ammunition has been specially designed not to cause any real harm, but it is powerful enough to immobilize any adversary.

{{skillbox |black| PARALYSIS (PARA) AMMUNITION | }}
{{skill-label | Non-Lethal }}
{{Roll}}
{{update | PDF 2.1, July 2023}}
* After a successful attack using Paralysis (PARA) Ammunition, the target must make a {{erratahighlight}}Saving Roll ([[PH]]-6){{erratahighlight-end}} per impact suffered.
{{update-end}}
{{original}}
* After a successful attack using Paralysis (PARA) Ammunition, the target must make a {{originalhighlight}}[[PH]]-6 Roll{{originalhighlight-end}} per impact suffered.
{{original-end}}
{{effects}}
*If the target fails the [[PH]]-6 [[Roll]], it enters [[Immobilized-A]] state. Place an Immobilized-A Token (IMM A) next to it. 
*[[Critical]] hits with Paralysis (PARA) Ammunition cause the target to make an additional [[PH]]-6 [[Roll]].
*This Ammunition has no effect on targets that have no PH [[Attribute]]. In this case the target will not roll and will ignore the effects of this Ammunition.


==Example==
{{greybox-start | PARA Ammunition}}
In the case of the Heavy Riotstopper, a Direct Template weapon that uses PARA ammunition, if it hits a target with a PH Attribute of 12, this Trooper will have to make a PH-6 Roll (12 – 6 = 6). Therefore, any result equal to or lower than 6 will mean that the target avoids entering Immobilized-A state. Otherwise, an Immobilized-A state Token will have to be placed in contact with the target’s base.
{{greybox-end}}


== FAQs & Errata ==

{{faqbox |
type = errata |
title = N4 Errata |
version = 1.0, Jan 2021 |
q = [Errata] Is the PH-6 Roll for PARA Ammunition a [[Saving Roll]]? |
a = Yes, the PH-6 Roll is a Saving Roll. |
related = [[Paralysis (PARA) Ammunition]], [[Saving Rolls]] }}



[[Category: Ammunition and Weaponry]]