{{section-special-skills}}


{{n4only}}
{{n4list}}
A berserk Trooper is overcome with bloodlust or such single-minded determination that all concern for personal safety is cast aside in an attempt to annihilate the opponent.


{{update | PDF 2.1, July 2023}}
{{skillbox |red| BERSERK | ENTIRE ORDER }}
{{skill-label | Attack, {{erratahighlight}}CC Attack,{{erratahighlight-end}} CC Special Skill, Movement, Optional. }}
{{requirements}}
{{update-end}}
* The target must be within the user's [[LoF]] when this CC Special Skill is declared.
* The target must be within the sum of the user's two [[MOV]] values.
{{effects}}
{{update | PDF 2.1, July 2023}}
* Allows the user to declare [[Move]] + [[CC Attack]] as an Entire Order, with the following features: {{seefaq | Berserk can be declared while in Engaged State.}}
** The Move can be as far as '''both values of his MOV Attribute added together''' to reach [[Silhouette contact]] with the target.
** Any Face to Face Roll with the target will instead be a Normal Roll. {{erratahighlight}}A successful Dodge Roll will not allow the target to evade the Attack.{{erratahighlight-end}}
* If, when measuring to find where the Trooper can move, they cannot reach Silhouette contact with the target, the Entire Order will be considered an [[Idle]], and the Trooper will '''not''' Move. 
* If a MOD appears between brackets, for example Berserk (+3), that MOD is applied to the CC Attack.
* This CC Special Skill can be declared without being in Silhouette contact with {{erratahighlight}}a target{{erratahighlight-end}}.
* If the Trooper is or becomes [[Impetuous]] (due to having the [[Frenzy]] Special Skill or any other effect), when they activate in the [[Impetuous Phase]] they are allowed to use Berserk.
{{update-end}}
{{original}}
* Allows the user to declare [[Move]] + [[CC Attack]] as an Entire Order, with the following features: {{seefaq | Berserk can be declared while in Engaged State.}}
** The Move can be as far as '''both values of his MOV Attribute added together''' to reach [[Silhouette contact]] with the target.
** Any Face to Face Roll with the target will instead be a Normal Roll.
* If, when measuring to find where the Trooper can move, they cannot reach Silhouette contact with the target, the Entire Order will be considered an [[Idle]], and the Trooper will '''not''' Move. 
* If a MOD appears between brackets, for example Berserk (+3), that MOD is applied to the CC Attack.
* This CC Special Skill can be declared without being in Silhouette contact with {{originalhighlight}}an enemy{{originalhighlight-end}}.
* If the Trooper is or becomes [[Impetuous]] (due to having the [[Frenzy]] Special Skill or any other effect), when they activate in the [[Impetuous Phase]] they are allowed to use Berserk.
{{original-end}}


{{remember-start}}
When declaring the Berserk Entire Order, you must declare the target and perform the Move before the opponent declares AROs.

Both Troopers make a Normal Roll, instead of the usual Face to Face Roll. Whoever declares an Attack and passes their Normal Roll forces the enemy to make a Saving Roll, and as a result both combatants may suffer Damage.

{{remember-end}}


== FAQs & Errata ==

{{faqbox |
type = errata |
title = N4 Errata |
version = 1.0, Jan 2021 |
q = [Errata] Can you use Berserk if you start the Order in Engaged State? |
a = Yes. Berserk can be declared while in Engaged State. |
related = [[Berserk]], [[Engaged State]] }}


{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = Updated 1.1.1, Dec 2021 |
q = <s>Q: Can the target Dodge the Berserk Attack?</s> {{erratahighlight}}Q: Can a Dodge avoid the CC Attack part of a Berserk Entire Order?{{erratahighlight-end}} |
a = <s>A: No. Berserk does not produce Face to Face Rolls, so you will not avoid the Attack.</s> {{erratahighlight}}A: No, Berserk cannot be evaded with a Dodge.{{erratahighlight-end}} A Successful Dodge Roll will only allow the Trooper to move and cancel the Engaged State. |
related = [[Berserk]], [[Dodge]] }}


{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.0, Jan 2021 |
q = Q: Can Berserk be used while in a Fireteam? |
a = A: Yes. Only the Troops with Berserk will perform the Skill, the rest will perform an Idle and the Team Leader will be the only one performing the CC Attack. |
related = [[Berserk]], [[Fireteams in the Active Turn]] }}
{{n4end}}



[[Category:Special Skills]]