{{section-special-skills}}


{{n4only}}
{{n4list}}
The owner of this Special Skill is the next in line in the command echelon to the officer in command, being able to replace him if necessary during the combat operation.

{{skillbox |black| CHAIN OF COMMAND | AUTOMATIC SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Optional, Private Information. }}
{{requirements}}
{{update | PDF 2.1, July 2023}}
* {{erratahighlight}}This Special Skill can only be used at the start of the player’s [[Loss of Lieutenant]] check.{{erratahighlight-end}}
* {{erratahighlight}}The player’s [[Lieutenant]] must be in the [[Isolated]] State or any [[Null]] State.{{erratahighlight-end}}
* {{erratahighlight}}The{{erratahighlight-end}} user must be on the game table as a [[Model]] or as a [[Marker]].
* {{erratahighlight}}The user cannot be in the Isolated State or any Null State.{{erratahighlight-end}}
{{effects}}
* {{erratahighlight}}The user{{erratahighlight-end}} automatically become the new Lieutenant of the [[Army List]], gaining the Lieutenant Special Skill with no extra abilities.
* {{erratahighlight}}The Loss of Lieutenant check is successfully passed this turn.{{erratahighlight-end}}
* Even if the previous Lieutenant recovers from the Isolated or Null State, the Chain of Command user will continue to be the Lieutenant.
{{update-end}}
{{original}}
* {{originalhighlight}}The player can only activate this Special Skill when the [[Lieutenant]] enters [[Isolated]] State or any [[Null]] State.{{originalhighlight-end}}
* {{originalhighlight}}To be able to activate this Special Skill, the Chain of Command{{originalhighlight-end}} user must be on the game table as a [[Model]] or as a [[Marker]].
{{effects}}
* {{originalhighlight}}This Special Skill allows its user to{{originalhighlight-end}} automatically become the new Lieutenant of the [[Army List]], gaining the Lieutenant Special Skill with no extra abilities.
* Even if the previous Lieutenant recovers from the Isolated or Null State, the Chain of Command user will continue to be the Lieutenant.
{{original-end}}


{{explain-start}}
The [[Lieutenant Special Order]] belongs to the Trooper that generated it during the [[Tactical Phase]]. Therefore, if a Trooper with the Chain of Command Special Skill takes command, they will not be able to use the Lieutenant Special Order if they did not generate it.
{{explain-end}}


{{n4end}}



[[Category:Special Skills]]