{{section-special-skills}}


Engineers have the means and the skill to repair damaged Equipment on the field.

{{skillbox |green| ENGINEER | SHORT SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Optional }}
{{requirements}}
* Troopers using this Special Skill must be in [[Silhouette]] contact with their target. 
{{effects}}
* Engineer allows recovery of 1 [[Structure]] ([[STR]]) point, by passing a Normal [[WIP]] Roll. 
* This Special Skill can be declared as many times as necessary to recover as many [[STR]] points as the target has lost. 
* If the Engineer fails the Normal [[WIP]] Roll, the target '''loses 1 STR point''' instead of recovering it, entering the [[Unconscious]] or [[Dead]] State, if applicable. 
* Alternatively, by passing a Normal [[WIP]] Roll, a Trooper with Engineer may cancel all of their target's States that can be canceled by this Special Skill ([[Unconscious]], [[Immobilized-A]] and [[Immobilized-B | B]], [[Targeted]], etc.), removing the corresponding State Tokens. {{seefaq | Unconscious cannot be cancelled at the same time as other States.}}
* Failing the Normal [[WIP]] Roll when trying to cancel other states than Unconscious has no negative consequence, and the Roll can be performed again in future Orders.
{{n4list}}
* '''Engineer and Remote Presence:'''
** Regardless of which level of Unconscious State the Trooper is in, with a single WIP Roll, they recover lost STR until they have 1 point of STR, and cancel their Unconscious State. 

{{n4end}}


== FAQs & Errata ==

{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.0, Jan 2021 |
q = Q: How do Engineer, GizmoKits, and Unconscious State interact? |
a = A: If a Trooper with STR is in Unconscious State, successful use of a GizmoKit or the Engineer Special Skill on them will restore the Trooper to 1 STR and cancel their Unconscious State. But the Unconscious State would be the only State cancelled by the Engineer, to cancel other States must use another Order. |
related = [[Engineer]], [[GizmoKit]], [[Unconscious State]] }}

{{section-special-skills}}




[[Category:Special Skills]]