{{section-special-skills}}


{{n4only}}
{{n4list}}
This Special Skill marks the Trooper's capacity to detonate in a blast.

{{skillbox |black| EXPLODE | AUTOMATIC SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Attack, Obligatory. }}
{{requirements}}
* The user must be in [[Unconscious]] State for this Special Skill to activate.
{{effects}}
* This Special Skill forces its user to detonate automatically when he enters Unconscious state.
* At the end of the Order in which the user entered Unconscious State, before making [[Guts Roll]]s, the Trooper makes a [[Direct Template]] Attack, placing the center of the Circular Template (Blast Focus) over the center of their base.
* This Attack has Damage 13 with [[Shock Ammunition]], against the [[ARM]] Attribute.
* Enemy Troopers who are affected by the Attack and had performed a [[Dodge]] will avoid this Attack if they passed their PH Roll.
* Once all Rolls have been made, the user enters [[Dead]] State and is removed from the game table.


{{Important-start}}
If the user enters the Dead state directly due to an Ammunition, a Trait or other rule (for example Shock, State: Dead...) or because he suffered the loss of more Wounds than his current Attribute during a single Order, he does not Explode.

If the user activated the [[Dogged]] or [[No Wound Incapacitation]] Special Skills when entering Unconscious State, he does not Explode.
{{important-end}}


{{Remember-start}}
Template Weapons cannot affect allied Models or Markers. 
{{remember-end}}


== FAQs & Errata ==

{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.3, Nov 2022 |
q = Q: What happens when a Trooper uses the Explode Special Skill and the template affects an allied Trooper? |
a = A: The template is cancelled, but the user of Explode still enters Dead State. |
related = [[Explode]] }}

{{n4end}}



[[Category:Special Skills]]