{{section-special-skills}}
{{section-game-states}}


{{n4only}}
{{n4list}}

{{skillbox |black| HIDDEN DEPLOYMENT | }}
{{activation}}
* Automatic in the [[Deployment Phase]].
{{effects}}
* The Hidden Deployment State is a special form of deployment that allows the user to deploy during the Deployment Phase without placing a [[Model]] or [[Marker]] on the battlefield.
* In your Deployment Phase, write down the position of your Hidden Deployment Troopers in as much detail as possible (make sure to specify whether the Trooper is in [[Cover]], [[Prone]], etc.) in order to show your opponent when their State is cancelled and their position revealed.
* Until a Trooper's Hidden Deployment State is cancelled, that Trooper is considered not to be on the game table at all. Consequently, such a Trooper does not affect [[LoF]], is not affected by [[Template Weapon]]s, etc.
* While in Hidden Deployment State, the Trooper '''will not add their [[Order]] to the [[Order Pool]]''' during the [[Tactical Phase]]. They can only use this Order themselves, when placing the Trooper on the gaming table during the Active Turn.
* Although the Trooper in Hidden Deployment is not considered to be on the table, if the Trooper has the [[Infiltration]] Special Skill and makes an Infiltration Roll, the Roll must be made once their position is written down. 
** If the Roll is a success, the Trooper infiltrates and does not lose the Hidden Deployment State. 
** If the Roll is failed, the Trooper's Model is placed within their player's [[Deployment Zone]], always in contact with the edge of the game table.
* When a player moves a Hidden Deployment Trooper into a different [[Combat Group]], they must inform their opponent that the Trooper exists. The Troopers's information remains [[Private]], until the Trooper is revealed.
* Troopers in Hidden Deployment State can be selected to be part of a [[Coordinated Order]]. However, in this  situation they will lose their own Order. 
* Once Troopers' Hidden Deployment State has been cancelled, they cannot regain it.
{{cancellation}}
* The Hidden Deployment State is cancelled if the user is Discovered by means of a Special Skill that explicitly allows it (for example [[Sensor]]).
* The Hidden Deployment State is automatically cancelled whenever the Trooper declares any Short Skill, Entire Order or ARO. The Trooper's Model or Marker will be placed on the game table, in the position you wrote down, facing in the direction of your choice.
* If the Trooper has a Skill that allows them to deploy in [[Marker]] State (for example [[Camouflage]]), they will be able to keep that State as long as:
** They declare [[Cautious Movement]] or any Short Movement Skill that does not require to make a Roll (except [[Look Out]]!), or they [[General Movement Rules|Mount or Dismount]] from a TAG, Motorcycle...
** They delay their ARO against a Marker.
** They prevent an Enemy Trooper from entering a Marker State.
* If the Trooper declares a Skill, ARO or Entire Order other than those listed above, their Hidden Deployment State is also cancelled. In this case, place the Model that represents the Trooper in the position you wrote down, facing in the direction of your choice.
* The Hidden Deployment State is cancelled if the Trooper becomes [[Impetuous]] (due to a game situation) or enters [[Retreat! State]].
* When the Model is placed on the battlefield, the player must provide their adversary with the Trooper's complete [[Public Information]].


{{explain-start}}
If a Trooper in Hidden Deployment wants to prevent another Trooper in LoF from returning to a Marker State, they must place the corresponding Model or Marker on the table at the moment the opponent declares their intention to return to Camouflaged, Impersonation etc. State. 
{{explain-end}}


== FAQs & Errata ==

{{faqbox |
type = errata |
title = N4 Errata |
version = 1.0, Jan 2021 |
q = [Errata] Can Surprise Attack be used with Hidden Deployment State? |
a = Yes. Surprise Attack can be used if the Trooper started the Order in a Marker State, or in Hidden Deployment State. |
related = [[Hidden Deployment State]], [[Surprise Attack]] }}


{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.1.1, Dec 2021 |
q = Q: Are Tactical Awareness Orders generated if a Trooper is off-table during the Order count? For example via Airborne Deployment or Hidden Deployment? |
a = A: No. The second bullet of Tactical Awareness states that the Trooper must be on the game table as a Model or Marker, and Airborne Deployment or Hidden Deployment Troops aren’t. |
related = [[Combat Jump]], [[Hidden Deployment State]], [[Parachutist]], [[Tactical Awareness]] }}


{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.2, Jan 2022 |
q = Q: What happens if another Model or Marker, ally or enemy, occupies the space where a Trooper with Hidden Deployment is placed and this Trooper wants to spend an Order or declare an ARO? |
a = A: The Trooper is revealed as close as possible to the original position, but never in Silhouette Contact, even in ARO. |
related = [[Hidden Deployment State]] }}


{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.3, Nov 2022 |
q = Q: How do Hidden Deployment and Holoecho States interact? |
a = A: If a Trooper deploys in Hidden Deployment State and in Holoecho State, the player must write down the positions of the three Holoechoes on the game table, and which of them is the real Trooper. When the Trooper's Hidden Deployment State is cancelled you must perform a Coherency Check. Any Holoechoes that are out of Coherency have their Holoecho State cancelled. |
related = [[Hidden Deployment State]], [[Holoecho State]] }}

{{n4end}}



[[Category:Special Skills]]