{{section-special-skills}}


{{n4only}}
{{n4list}}
Troopers with this Special Skill have an extraordinary innate or artificial capacity to withstand specific types of damage. There are several Immunities categories.

{{skillbox |black| IMMUNITY | AUTOMATIC SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Obligatory }}
{{requirements}}
This Special Skill is activated when one of the following Requirements is met:
* The Trooper must make a [[Saving Roll]]. 
* The Trooper is affected by the [[State]] indicated in their Immunity. 
{{effects}}
* This Special Skill has different categories shown between brackets in the Unit's Profile, which indicates to which type of Ammunition or Effect it is applied. The most common are:
** '''Immunity (ammunition type):''' the Trooper is immune to the listed [[Ammunition]], for example [[Shock]], cancelling its Special Effects and Traits, considering it [[Normal Ammunition]].
** '''Immunity (game state):''' the Trooper is completely immune to any [[Comms Attack]] effect or special rule effect that causes the listed Game State, for example [[Possessed]] (POS). The Trooper cannot enter that State.
** '''Immunity (Total):''' the Trooper is immune to any Ammunition, cancelling its Special Effects and Traits, considering it [[Normal Ammunition]]. <br>The Trooper is completely immune to [[Traits]] that cause States, refer to causing Damage, or reduce the Attributes of the target. For example State: Dead, [[Continuous Damage]], or [[ARM=0]]. <br>The Trooper is completely immune to Weapons or Ammunitions with the [[Non-Lethal]] Trait, not suffering their effects, and not requiring a [[Saving Roll]] or [[Guts Roll]]. {{seefaq | For Plasma, Sepsitor.}}
** '''Immunity (Critical):''' The Trooper will not make the additional [[Saving Roll]] caused by [[Critical]] hits. 
* This Special Skill does not apply against [[Comms Attacks]], with the sole exception of Immunity (game state).
{{n4end}}{{n4}}


{{Important-start}}
'''Immunity and Criticals'''

If a Trooper receives a Critical hit, unless they have Immunity (Critical), they will make an additional [[Saving Roll]], but ignoring the Special Effects of the Ammunition, which is considered Normal Ammunition.
{{important-end}}


{{greybox-start | Immunity Examples}}
'''Example 1:'''<br>
A Dog-Warrior is hit by a Missile Launcher. Thanks to his Immunity (Total), instead of making three Saving Rolls due to the EXP Ammunition, he will only have to make one Saving Roll using his ARM Attribute, since the hit is treated as being made with Normal Ammunition. 

'''Example 2:'''<br>
A Dog-Warrior is hit with a Monofilament CC Weapon.

Thanks to his Immunity (Total), he will make one Saving Roll, ignoring the Weapon’s ARM=0 and State: Dead Traits, so he will not reduce his ARM to 0 and the Dead State will not be applied in case the Saving Roll is failed.

If the impact was a Critical, the Dog-Warrior would make two Saving Rolls, ignoring the Weapon’s ARM=0 and State: Dead Traits.

{{update | PDF 2.1, July 2023}}
{{erratahighblock}}
'''Example 3:'''<br>
A Trooper possessing Immunity (Total) suffers an impact from a Plasma Rifle. We must remember that Immunity (Total) avoids the special effects of any ammunition, considering it as Normal Ammunition. Plasma weapons already use Normal Ammunition, but their Saving Roll is ARM+BTS, so the Trooper with Immunity (Total) must make a Saving Roll against ARM and also a Saving Roll against BTS.
{{erratahighblock-end}}
{{update-end}}
{{greybox-end}}


== FAQs & Errata ==

{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.0, Jan 2021 |
q = Q: How does Immunity (Total) interact with Plasma Weapons, and with Sepsitor? |
a = A: Immunity (Total) cancels the special effects of any ammunition, considering them Normal Ammunition. Plasma weapons use Normal Ammunition, but their Saving Roll is ARM+BTS, so one ARM and one BTS Saving Roll will be made. Sepsitor should have the State: Sepsitorized Trait, and therefore does not work against targets with Immunity (Total). |
related = [[Combined Saving Roll]], [[Immunity]], [[Sepsitor]], [[Weapon Chart]] }}


{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.1.1, Dec 2021 |
q = Q: Can a Non-Lethal Attack against a target with Immunity (Total) be a Face to Face Roll? For example if using a Flash Pulse against a Dog Warrior. |
a = A: Yes. It is a Face to Face Roll - Immunity (Total) doesn't take effect until you've been hit, which is after you've made the Face to Face Roll. |
related = [[Immunity]], [[Traits]] }}

{{n4end}}



[[Category:Special Skills]]