{{n5-section-equipment}}


The SymbioMate is a single use piece of Equipment that allows its owner, in whose Unit Profile the SymbioMate is listed, to assign it to a Trooper in the same Army List, called the user, in order to provide additional combat advantages.

{{css_skillbox |black| SYMBIOMATE | AUTOMATIC EQUIPMENT }}
{{skill-label | Assignable (Transmutation), Obligatory. }}
{{requirements}}
* The SymbioMate must be used when the Trooper is forced to make a [[Saving Roll]].
{{effects}}
* A SymbioMate provides its user with '''[[ARM]]''' and '''[[BTS]]''' values of 9—replacing the ARM and BTS values of the user's [[Unit Profile]]—and it also provides the [[Immunity]] (Enhanced) Special Skill. In addition, the SymbioMate can be used against [[Comms Attacks]].
* When a Trooper with a SymbioMate is forced to make any Saving Rolls against ARM or BTS, they perform those Saving Rolls with an ARM/BTS Attribute value of 9, applying the Immunity (Enhanced) Special Skill if applicable. Any other Saving Rolls against ARM or BTS during the same Order also apply the ARM and BTS values of 9, and the Immunity (Enhanced) Special Skill. 
* Against Comms Attacks, players apply the ARM and BTS values of 9 but '''not''' the Immunity (Enhanced) Special Skill.
* This is a single-use piece of Equipment, the SymbioMate will be removed from the game table at the end of the Order in which it was used.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


== Examples ==

{{greybox-start | SymbioMate Game Example-1}}
During the [[Deployment Phase]], the Tohaa Player assigns two of their Kaeltar Specialists' SymbioMates to a Gorgos and a Sakiel, two Troopers with the [[Transmutation]] (X) Special Skill.

During the game, the Gorgos receives, in the same Order, a successful hit with [[DA Ammunition]], and a successful Attack with [[Forward Observer]]. As the Gorgos possesses a SymbioMate they are forced to use it. Thanks to the [[Immunity]] (Enhanced) Special Skill, the TAG treats the DA hit as [[Normal Ammunition]], applying an [[ARM]] value of 9, and is not affected by the Forward Observer Attack. At the end of the Order, the player must remove the SymbioMate from the game table.

Let's suppose the Gorgos received two successful hits from a weapon with the [[Continuous Damage]] Trait and also an Attack with a [[Hacking Program]]. The Gorgos is forced to use the SymbioMate, so the TAG ignores the Continuous Damage Trait (thanks to the Immunity (Enhanced) Special Skill) applying an ARM Attribute value of 9. However, the Gorgos must perform a [[Saving Roll]] against [[BTS]] for the Hacking Attack, using the Attribute value of 9 provided by the SymbioMate. At the end of the Order, the player must remove the SymbioMate from the game table.

If the Gorgos was in [[Partial Cover]], it would apply the +3 MOD to its Saving Roll, if applicable.

Later, the Kaeltar Specialist who is the owner of the Sakiel's SymbioMate passes to [[Dead State]]. However, even though the Kaeltar model is removed from the game table, the player will not remove the Sakiel's unused SymbioMate.
{{greybox-end}}


{{greybox-start | SymbioMate Game Example-2}}
In the next Game Round, during a heroic action, the Sakiel suffers two successful hits with [[AP Ammunition]] and one [[Critical]] hit with [[DA Ammunition]], all of them in the same Order. As the Sakiel has a SymbioMate, he must use it, so he treats all three hits as [[Normal Ammunition]] due to the [[Immunity]] (Enhanced) Special Skill, performing a total of four [[Saving Roll]]s with an [[ARM]] value of 9—one Saving Roll for each hit and an additional Saving Roll due to the Critical. At the end of that Order, the player must remove the SymbioMate.

If the Sakiel suffers a successful Attack with a weapon loaded with [[Paralysis (PARA) Ammunition | PARA Ammunition]], he cannot apply the Immunity (Enhanced) Special Skill as PARA Ammunition does not force Saving Rolls against the ARM or [[BTS]] Attributes.
{{greybox-end}}



{{n5-section-equipment}}


[[Category:Equipment]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Assignable (Transmutation) ]]
[[Category: Obligatory ]]