{{section-main-sections}}
{{section-combat-module}}


== [[Combat Module Intro]] ==

In Infinity, combat allows Troopers to perform Attacks. There are three kinds of [[Attacks]]: Ballistic Skills (BS), Close Combat (CC) and Quantronic Combat (Hacking). This section details every rule necessary to resolve Attacks.

[[Ballistic Skills|BS]], [[Close Combat|CC]], or [[Hacking]] combat takes place within the normal [[Order Expenditure Sequence]] and it is based on the different Rolls in Infinity. [[Combat Module Intro| [read more...] ]]


== [[Damage]] ==
In Infinity, Damage is the capacity of a weapon, Attack, Special Skill, piece of Equipment, Hacking Program, etc. to harm or impair its target. The Damage value, represented by a number, is indicated on the weapon's profile or in the rules for the specific Special Skill, Equipment, etc. [[Damage| [read more...] ]]


=== [[Saving Rolls]] ===
Saving Rolls work like any other Roll in the Infinity game mechanics. 

Impacts generally cause the target to lose one [[Wound]]/[[STR]] Attribute point when the '''result of the Saving Roll is equal or less than the Attack Damage'''. In these cases, the Trooper suffers Damage, and their Attribute profile and States may be affected. [[Saving Rolls| [read more...] ]]


=== [[Wounds and Structure]] ===

Unless otherwise specified, each successful hit reduces the [[Wounds]]/[[STR]] Attribute of the target of the [[Attack]] by 1 point. When this happens, place a Wound Token (WOUND) next to the Trooper. Use the numbers on the Tokens to indicate the number of [[Wounds]]/[[STR]] points the Trooper has lost so far. If the Trooper has lost enough [[Wounds]]/[[STR]] points to fall [[Unconscious]], use an [[Unconscious]] State Token (UNCONSCIOUS) instead. [[Wounds and Structure| [read more...] ]]


=== [[Unconscious]]ness and [[Dead|Death]] ===

If the value of the [[Wounds]]/[[STR]] Attribute of a Trooper reaches 0, then that Trooper enters the [[Unconscious]] state.

However, if the [[Wounds]]/[[STR]] Attribute falls below 0, the Trooper enters the [[Dead]] state.


{{n4}}
=== [[Guts Rolls]] ===
When Troopers survive a successful Attack, it means their body armor took the brunt of the impact, keeping them from serious injury. This triggers a primal fear of death, and survival instincts kick in. The Troopers' survival instincts can force them to recoil from danger and dive for cover.  [[Guts Rolls | [read more...]]]
{{n4end}}


== [[Ballistic Skills]] (BS) ==
Ranged combat and firefights are the foundation of modern warfare and play an equally pivotal role in Infinity. [[Ballistic Skills| [read more...] ]] 


=== [[BS Attack]] ===
Common Skill employed to attack in ranged combat using a BS Weapon or another suitable weapon or piece of Equipment. [[BS Attack| [read more...] ]]


=== [[Template Weapons and Equipment]] ===

[[BS Weapons]] and Equipment that use a Template have an [[Area of Effect]] that affects not only the main target, but also an area of the game table determined by the size of the Template. [[Template Weapons and Equipment| [read more...] ]]


{{n4}}
=== [[Speculative Attack]] ===
This Common Skill allows the user to execute a BS Attack against a target outside LoF or, if he has a suitable weapon, to choose a location other than the target as the center of the attack. [[Speculative Attack | [read more...] ]]


=== [[Intuitive Attack]] ===
Intuitive Attack represents those times when a soldier perceives movement through the corner of his eye and instinctively sprays the area with his weapon in the hopes of unearthing a hidden enemy. {{Intuitive Attack | [read more...] ]]
{{n4end}}


=== [[Ranged Weapon Profile]] (BS Weapons and Template Weapons) ===
In Infinity, every Weapon has its own game profile and some of them even have special usage rules. This chapter describes how to read such a profile, and each Weapon is detailed individually in the [[Weapons Chart]]. The MULTI Rifle will be used as an example to explain how to read a BS Weapon profile. [[Ranged Weapon Profile| [read more...] ]]


== [[Close Combat]] (CC) ==
Urban combat, attempting to take a building, or ship to ship space-boarding often occur in reduced spaces, which favors close combat with bladed weapons (knives, machetes, sabers, swords, claws, etc.) which we generically call Melee Weapons. [[Close Combat| [read more...] ]]


=== [[CC Attack]] ===
Skill that allows [[Close Combat]] fighting, striking an adversary in [[Silhouette]] contact. [[CC Attack| [read more...] ]]


=== [[Engaged State]] ===
The Trooper is in [[Silhouette]] contact with an Enemy Trooper, and neither are in a [[Null]] or [[Immobilized]] State. [[Engaged State| [read more...] ]]


=== [[Melee Weapon Profile]] ===
In Infinity, every Weapon has its own game profile and some of them even have special usage rules. This chapter describes how to read such a profile and details each Weapon individually. The CC Weapon will be used as an example to explain how to read a Melee Weapon profile. [[Melee Weapon Profile| [read more...] ]]


== [[Quantronic Combat (Hacking)]] ==
In Infinity, infowar and cyberwarfare tasks, defined as Hacking, falls upon the Hackers’ shoulders, those Troopers equipped with Hacking Devices. [[Quantronic Combat (Hacking)| [read more...] ]]


{{c1}}
=== [[Hacker]] ===
Hackers are equipped with a Hacking Device that allows them to use Hacking Programs, according to the type of Hacking Device they carry. [[Hacker| [read more...] ]]


=== [[Carbonite]] ===
The target may only be an enemy Trooper with the [[Hackable]] Characteristic (HI, TAG, REM... or an enemy [[Hacker]]).
In the [[Active Turn]], this Program's [[Burst]] of 2 allows the user to perform two WIP Rolls, which can be distributed among one or more targets as usual. [[Carbonite| [read more...] ]]


=== [[Immobilized-B State]] ===
The Trooper suffered a successful Attack or Effect using an [[Ammunition]], [[Hacking Program]] or a game condition or Scenario Special Rule, capable of causing this state. 
Troopers in Immobilized-B State cannot declare any Skill, Attack or ARO, except [[Reset]] applying a -3 [[WIP]] [[MOD]]. [[Immobilized-B State| [read more...] ]]


=== [[Spotlight]] ===
The target of this Hacking Program does not need to have the [[Hackable]] Characteristic.
This Program has a Burst of 1, allowing the user to perform one [[WIP]] Roll against the target, in the Active and Reactive Turns. [[Spotlight| [read more...] ]]


=== [[Targeted State]] ===
The Trooper suffered a successful Attack or Effect using an [[Ammunition]], or a game condition or Scenario Special Rule, capable of causing this state.
Any Trooper declaring a [[BS Attack]], [[Hacking Program]] or [[Comms Attack]] against a Trooper in the Targeted State gains a '''+3 [[MOD]]''' to the Attribute used to perform that [[Attack]].  [[Targeted State| [read more...] ]]
{{c1end}}{{n4}}
See the [[Quantronic Combat (Hacking)]] subsection for full details.
{{n4end}}


{{section-main-sections}}
{{section-combat-module}}




[[Category:Main Sections]]