{{section-main-sections}}
{{n5-section-skills-and-equipment}}


Infinity possesses a series of Skills and pieces of Equipment which allows a Trooper to act during the game. Moreover, in this section we will explain how [[Unit Profiles]] are notated, for a simpler and quicker understanding of the information about Skills and pieces of Equipment. 


== Modifiers Explained (MODs) ==
First and foremost is identifying the Modifiers or MODs, (+) bonus or (-) penalties that appear in Unit Profiles:

{{modifiers-explained}}


== Levels, Labels and Traits ==
If a Special Skill or piece of Equipment has different Levels and only one of them is listed, it means the Trooper may only use the listed Level.

If “Total” is used, the player may choose which Level to use in each [[Order]] or [[ARO]] they declare.

The [[Labels]], [[Traits]] and Effects of Skills and pieces of Equipment a Trooper has can be combined with each other, as long as the [[NFB]] Label is respected.


{{Important-start}}
'''Negative Feedback (NFB)'''

The use of a Special Skill, Equipment, Hacking Program, etc., with the NFB Label is incompatible with any other Special Skill, Equipment, Hacking Program, etc., with the same Label or Trait (see [[Labels]] and [[Traits]]).
{{Important-end}}


{{advice-start}}
A good player lets their adversary know when they don’t use one of the Special Skills with the Optional Label. To expedite the match, both players may consider that these Optional Special Skills are always applied, unless otherwise stated.
{{advice-end}}


== Common and Special Skills in Infinity ==
Different actions a Trooper may declare are called Skills. There are two types of Skills: Common Skills, that any Trooper can declare, and Special Skills, that can only be declared by those units which list the Special Skill in their [[Unit Profile]].

Both Common and Special Skills have labels that indicate defining characteristics, for quick reference. You can check all [[Labels and Traits]].

Both Common and Special Skills can also be divided into:

{{css_skillbox |black| AUTOMATIC SKILLS | }}
Automatic Skills are those that can be employed without expending an Order or ARO. Consequently, these Skills do not require a Roll.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{css_skillbox |purple| DEPLOYMENT SKILLS | }}
Deployment Skills are those used during the [[Deployment Phase]] or during the game, when the Troopers are deployed. These Skills must observe the usual Deployment rules except when otherwise stated.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{css_skillbox |blue| BASIC SHORT SKILLS | }}
To declare one of these Skills, the user must expend one Basic Short Skill.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{css_skillbox |green| SHORT SKILLS | }}
To declare one of these Skills, the user must expend one Short Skill.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{css_skillbox |red| LONG SKILLS | }}
To declare one of these Skills, the user must expend their entire Order. These Skills can only be declared in the [[Active Turn]].
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{css_skillbox |yellow| ARO SKILLS | }}
ARO Skills are those that Troopers may perform as an [[ARO]].
{{css_skillbox-end}}


== Miscellaneous ==

{{Advice-start}}
Some Skills, States, and rules have Restrictions. These Restrictions emphasize aspects of the game that cannot be done when Troopers declare or perform their actions.
{{Advice-end}}


{{important-start}}
When applying multiple Skills, the most restrictive option always takes precedence.
{{important-end}}


{{important-start}}
Skills can only be declared from a position that the Trooper has already been in or moved through during the current Order. Therefore, the Active Trooper cannot declare a Skill from a position they have not reached yet.
{{important-end}}


{{Advice-start}}
Want to know more? You may find all the additional info to further explore the Infinity Universe in background books, articles, and appendices.
{{Advice-end}}



{{section-main-sections}}
{{n5-section-skills-and-equipment}}





[[Category:Main Sections]]

[[Category: N5.2 Update]]