{{section-main-sections}}
{{n4}}
{{Section-victory}}
{{n4end}}


Once the game is over, it is time to determine the victor. The player who fulfills all victory conditions wins the game, but the conditions that govern victory—or defeat—depend on the type of game played.


== Standard Game ==

In a Standard Game, the players meet on the battlefield with the goal of eliminating the opponent's forces. There is no specific objective, except destroying the enemy while suffering as few casualties as possible.

A Standard Game has 3 [[Game Rounds]], and, at the end of the third Game Round, the players will compare their '''Victory Points'''. Remember that, in Infinity, your [[Victory Points]] are the sum of all the Costs of those Troopers from your [[Army List]] who are not in a [[Null]] state.

The player with the most [[Victory Points]] wins the game. 

In the event that both players end the game with the same number of Victory Points, the battle will be considered to have ended in a tie. Neither of the two armies has managed to prevail!

{{n4}}
In a Standard Game, if one of the players starts his Active Turn in a [[Retreat! situation]], the game will end at the end of that Turn.
{{n4end}}


== Mission or Scenario ==

The tactical flexibility and troop variety of Infinity allow for games that go beyond simply destroying the opponent's forces.

In order to spice things up, or to recreate wartime special operations or high-stakes espionage missions, you can play games with a series of objectives that transcend mere carnage or that add unusual game conditions. Each scenario or mission must specify the objectives that players will strive to complete. During the mission, achieving objectives gives players '''[[Objective Points]]''', at a rate determined beforehand by the mission rules. When a game has goals beyond wholesale elimination of the enemy, it becomes a mission, or a scenario.

The number of [[Victory Points]] each player has is always used as a '''tiebreaker''' if both players earn the same number of [[Objective Points]] in a scenario.


{{remember-start}}
'''Playing Scenarios'''

This Core Book includes a number of scenarios so you can try exciting new game modes, but don't forget to take a look at the Downloads section of the official Infinity website. [http://www.infinitytheuniverse.com www.infinitytheuniverse.com]
{{remember-end}}


{{n4}}
== Free Game ==
This ruleset establishes a series of [[Basic_Rules#Game_Modes|Game Modes]] with preset features–like table size, number of Army Points and Game Rounds, maximum number of Troopers allowed, and so on–that are considered to be the most suitable to fully enjoy this game. However, the flexibility of Infinity N4 allows players to play games that modify these parameters, without altering the essence of the game. 

Players are considered to be playing a Free Game when they agree beforehand on different features than the ones listed in the Game Modes. 

An example of a Free Game would be a game with the table and Deployment Zone sizes of a Raid Match, but played with 250 points instead of 200, without a cap on the number of Troopers and with a duration of four Game Rounds instead of the usual three of a Standard Game. 

Free Games are a good resource for experienced players to test different game combinations and to keep exploring the possibilities of Infinity N4's gaming system. 
{{n4end}}


{{section-main-sections}}
{{n4}}
{{Section-victory}}
{{n4end}}








[[Category: Main Sections]]