{{section-skills-and-equipment}}


Infinity possesses a series of Skills and pieces of Equipment which allows a Trooper to act during the game. Moreover, in this section we will explain how [[Unit Profiles]] are notated, for a simpler and quicker understanding of the information about Skills and pieces of Equipment. 


{{Important_Start}}
{{update | 1.3, Nov 2022}}
{{erratahighblock}}
Skills can only be declared from a position that the Trooper has already been in or moved through during the current Order. Therefore the Active Trooper cannot declare a Skill from a position they have not reached yet.

''Development team note: By adding this important box, our intention is to end all the annoying situations that have been generated with the modification of the Order Sequence, but keeping the flexibility when declaring skills. So, you will still be able to declare "Shoot" as the first half of the Order. However, if you really want to shoot a Trooper behind a wall, you must move first and then shoot.''
{{erratahighblock-end}}
{{update-end}}
{{Important_End}}


=== MODIFIERS (MODS) ===
First and foremost is identifying the Modifiers or [[MODs]], (+) bonus or (-) penalties that appear in [[Unit Profiles]]:


{{Remember_Start}}
{{update | 1.3, Nov 2022}}
{{erratahighblock}}
* '''Any MOD or value''' in round brackets next to a Special Skill, Weapon, or Equipment—such as [[CC Attack]] (+3), [[Combat Jump]] (PH=10), [[BS Attack]] (B+1) etc.—'''only applies when using''' the Special Skill, Weapon, or Equipment.
* '''Positive MODs''' only apply to the '''user'''.
* '''Negative MODs''' only apply to '''enemies'''.
** Negative MODs for '''Automatic''' Skills and Equipment—such as [[Mimetism]] (-6), or [[Surprise Shot]] (-3)—always apply the MOD '''as specified in their rules'''.
** Negative MODs for '''other''' Special Skills, Weapons, and Equipment—such as [[Dodge]] (-3), or CC Attack (-3)—only apply '''during [[Face to Face Rolls]]'''.
{{erratahighblock-end}}
{{update-end}}
{{original}}
{{originalhighblock}}
* '''A positive MOD (+)''' in round brackets next to a Special Skill, Weapon, or Equipment will be applied only to the '''user''' of that Special Skill, Weapon, or Equipment. 
* '''A negative MOD (-)''' in round brackets next to a Special Skill, Weapon, or Equipment will be applied only to '''enemies'''. 
{{c1}}
* The value of an [[Attribute]], [[Burst]], [[Damage]], etc. in round brackets next to a Special Skill, Weapon, or Equipment will be applied only when using that Special Skill, Weapon or Equipment.
{{c1end}}
{{n4list}}
* The value of an [[Attribute]], [[Burst]], [[Damage]], [[Ammunition]], number of uses... in round brackets next to a Special Skill, Weapon, or Equipment will be used, applying its effects if necessary, only when using that Special Skill, Weapon or Equipment. 
{{n4end}}
{{originalhighblock-end}}
{{original-end}}
{{n4list}}
* '''“ReRoll”''' in round brackets next to a Special Skill, Weapon, or Equipment will allow the user to reroll one die from the Roll, only when using that Special Skill, Weapon, or Equipment.
{{n4end}}
{{Remember_End}}


{{Important_Start}}
{{c1}}
Those MODs modifying the [[Burst]] (B) value are only applied in the [[Active Turn]]. 
{{c1end}}{{n4}}
{{update | 1.3, Nov 2022}}
If these Modifiers (MODs) affect [[Burst]] (B), they are only applied during the [[Active Turn]]. {{erratahighlight}}The maximum Burst (B) value of any weapon is 6, no matter how many MODs to B are applied.{{erratahighlight-end}}
{{update-end}}
{{original}}
If these Modifiers (MODs) affect [[Burst]] (B), they are only applied during the [[Active Turn]]. {{originalhighlight}}Troopers with more than one of these MODs may only apply '''one''' of them at a time.{{originalhighlight-end}}
{{original-end}}
{{n4end}}
{{Important_End}}


{{Greybox_Start}}
[[MODs]] imposed by Skills, Special Skills, or pieces of Equipment may be applied to their users, or to those enemy Troopers acting against them, in several different ways. For example:
* [[BS Attack]] (+1B) means that, when its user declares a [[BS Attack]] in their Active Turn, they must apply a +1 MOD to their [[BS Weapon]]’s [[Burst]]. They may not, however, apply this [[MOD]] during their Reactive Turn if they declare a [[BS Attack]] ARO. 
{{n4list}}
* BS Attack (Shock) means that the user adds [[Shock Ammunition]] to all their [[BS Attack]]s. 
{{n4end}}
* [[Mimetism]] (-3) means that a Trooper declaring [[BS Attack]] or [[Discover]] against the user must apply an additional -3 MOD to their Roll. 
* [[Combat Jump]] (PH=10) means that, when performing the [[PH]] Roll required by this Skill, a [[PH]] value of 10 must be applied instead of the user’s PH Attribute.
{{n4list}}
* [[ECM]] (Hacking -3) means that a Trooper declaring a [[Hacking Program]] against the user must apply an additional -3 MOD to their Roll.
* [[Immunity]] (POS) means that the user cannot enter the [[Possessed]] State.
{{n4end}}
{{Greybox_End}}


=== LEVELS, LABELS AND TRAITS ===
If a Special Skill or piece of Equipment has '''different Levels''' and only one of them is listed, it means the Trooper may only use the listed Level.  

If “Total” is used, the player may choose which Level to use in each Order or ARO they declare.

The Labels, Traits and Effects of Skills and pieces of Equipment a Trooper has can be combined with each other, as long as the [[NFB]] Label is respected. 


{{Important_Start}}
'''Negative Feedback (NFB)'''

The use of a Special Skill, Equipment, Hacking Program, etc., with the NFB Label is incompatible with any other Special Skill, Equipment, Hacking Program, etc., with the same Label or Trait. See [[Labels]] and [[Traits]].
{{Important_End}}


{{n4}}
{{advice-start}}
A good player lets their adversary know when they don’t use one of the Special Skills with the Optional Label. To expedite the match, both players may consider that these Optional Special Skills are always applied, unless otherwise stated.
{{advice-end}}
{{n4end}}


=== COMMON AND SPECIAL SKILLS IN INFINITY ===
Different actions a Trooper may declare are called Skills. There are two types of Skills: Common Skills, that any Trooper can declare, and Special Skills, that can only be declared by those units which list the Special Skill in their [[Unit Profile]].

Both Common and Special Skills have labels that indicate defining characteristics, for quick reference. You can check all [[Labels and Traits]]. 

Both Common and Special Skills can also be divided into:

{{skillbox |black| AUTOMATIC SKILLS | }}
Automatic Skills are those that can be employed without expending an Order or ARO. Consequently, these Skills do not require a Roll.

{{skillbox |purple| DEPLOYMENT SKILLS | }}
Deployment Skills are those used during the Deployment Phase or during the game, when the Troopers are deployed. These Skills must observe the usual Deployment rules except when otherwise stated. 

{{skillbox |green| SHORT SKILLS | }}
To declare one of these Skills, the user must expend one Short Skill.

{{skillbox |blue| SHORT MOVEMENT SKILLS | }}
To declare one of these Skills, the user must expend one Short Movement Skill.

{{skillbox |red| ENTIRE ORDER SKILLS | }}
To declare one of these Skills, the user must expend one Entire Order. These Skills can only be declared in the [[Active Turn]].

{{skillbox |yellow| ARO SKILLS | }}
ARO Skills are those that Troopers may perform as an ARO.


{{Advice_Start}}
Want to know more? You may find all the additional info to further explore the Infinity Universe in background books, articles and appendices.
{{Advice_End}}


== FAQs & Errata ==

{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = Replaced with errata in 1.3, Nov 2022 <s>1.0, Jan 2021</s> |
q = <s>Q: When do you apply negative MODs for Skills, Equipment, and Weapons, and who do the MODs apply to? For example when using CC Attack (-X).</s> |
a = <s>A: The value of an Attribute, Burst, Damage, Ammunition, MOD, number of uses... will only apply when using that Skill, Weapon or Equipment. If the Skill, Weapon, or Equipment requires any targets, the MOD will only apply to those targets.</s> |
related = [[Skills and Equipment in Infinity]] }}


{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.0, Jan 2021 |
q = Q: Do Skills that let you perform a 'BS Attack Roll' (for example Intuitive Attack and Speculative Attack), or have the BS Attack Label, count as a BS Attack for MODs? For example if the Trooper has 'BS Attack (+1 Damage)' or 'BS Attack (AP)'. |
a = A: Yes. |
related = [[BS Attack]], [[Intuitive Attack]], [[Labels]], [[Skills and Equipment in Infinity]], [[Speculative Attack]] }}


{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.0, Jan 2021 |
q = Q: Do Pistols with (+1B) or (+2B) apply the additional Burst in CC Mode? |
a = A: Yes, but only in the Active Turn. |
related = [[CC Attack]], [[Pistols]], [[Skills and Equipment in Infinity]] }}


{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.1.1, Dec 2021 |
q = Q: How does the Disposable Trait interact with Burst values higher than 1? |
a = A: Each additional Burst uses up a Disposable use. For example, a Trooper with a Panzerfaust (a two-use weapon with B 1) and BS Attack (+1B) must make an attack with B 2, consuming in a single Order the two projectiles available in the Panzerfaust, so the Panzerfaust will be unloaded and the player must place an Unloaded Token next to the Trooper. |
related = [[Skills and Equipment in Infinity]], [[Traits]] }}


{{section-skills-and-equipment}}




[[Category:Skills and Equipment]]