{{n5-section-basic-rules}}


In Infinity games, thanks to the Automatic Reaction Order (ARO) mechanic, the action and decision-making never stops. Even during their opponent's Active Turn, a player's [[Troopers]], [[Models]] and [[Markers]] can react each time the opponent activates one of his Troopers by spending an [[Order]].

The Reactive Player's Troopers '''may declare an ARO''' whenever they meet any of the following criteria:
* An enemy Trooper activates within its [[Line of Fire]] (LoF).
* An enemy Trooper activates within its [[Zone of Control]] (ZoC) or [[Hacking Area]].
* It has a Special Skill, weapon, or piece of Equipment that specifies that the Trooper can react to enemy actions without LoF or ZoC.
* It is affected by a [[Template Weapon]], or is the target of a [[Comms Attack]].

{{update | PDF 5.2, October 2025}}
The Reactive Player must declare AROs for all eligible Troopers, Models, or Markers immediately after the Active Player declares his [[Long Skill]], or the [[Basic Short Skill]] {{erratahighlight}}they intend{{erratahighlight-end}} to perform first (see: [[Order Expenditure Sequence]]). Troopers that fail to do so lose their ARO against that Order. If, {{erratahighlight}}after{{erratahighlight-end}} declaring the second Short Skill of {{erratahighlight}}their{{erratahighlight-end}} Order, the Active Trooper gives an ARO to {{erratahighlight}}any{{erratahighlight-end}} enemy Troopers that did not have{{erratahighlight}} a valid{{erratahighlight-end}} ARO against the {{erratahighlight}}Active Trooper’s{{erratahighlight-end}} first Basic Short Skill, those enemy Troopers can {{erratahighlight}}now{{erratahighlight-end}} declare their AROs.
{{update-end}}
{{original}}
The Reactive Player must declare AROs for all eligible Troopers, Models, or Markers immediately after the Active Player declares his [[Long Skill]], or the [[Basic Short Skill]] {{originalhighlight}}he intends{{originalhighlight-end}} to perform first (see: [[Order Expenditure Sequence]]). Troopers that fail to do so lose their ARO against that Order. If, {{originalhighlight}}by{{originalhighlight-end}} declaring the second Short Skill of {{originalhighlight}}its{{originalhighlight-end}} Order, the active Trooper gives an ARO to enemy Troopers that did not have ARO against the first Basic Short Skill, {{originalhighlight}}then{{originalhighlight-end}} those enemy Troopers can declare their AROs.
{{original-end}}

Each time the Active Player activates a Trooper by spending an Order, each eligible enemy Trooper gets one single ARO, regardless of the number of Skills the Active Player declares during that Order.

The target of an ARO must always be one of the Troopers that have been activated by the Order.

Troopers may not react to AROs, since only the Active Player's Orders give AROs and only the Reactive Player may declare AROs.

There is no limit to the number of Troopers that may react to an Order being spent on an enemy Trooper.


{{Important-start}}
Using an ARO, the Reactive Player can only declare Skills that specifically state they are usable in ARO (check the [[Orders and AROs Reference Chart|Summary Chart]]).

Unless a Special Skill, Equipment or scenario rule states otherwise, AROs always have [[Burst]] B1. In such a situation, if the Reactive Trooper has a [[Burst]] value higher than one in ARO, they cannot split it amongst different targets.
{{Important-end}}


== All at Once ==

In Infinity, Orders and AROs are simultaneous regardless of the Skills declared.

For example, if an activated Trooper declares [[Move]] + [[BS Attack]] and chooses to shoot from its starting position (to take advantage of a favorable Range), and its target reacts with a BS Attack, choosing to shoot at the end of the Movement (again, for Range purposes), then both actions are still considered to be simultaneous for all game purposes.


{{Important-start}}
All AROs are also simultaneous. This means that, if a [[Camouflaged State | Camouflage Marker]] declares a [[Move]], the opponent can declare [[Discover]] with Troopers that have [[LoF]] to it, but they cannot declare Discover with one of the Troopers and [[BS Attack]] with the rest, waiting for the Discover Roll to be successful (see: [[Camouflaged State]]).
{{Important-end}}


{{n5-section-basic-rules}}



[[Category:Basic Rules]]
[[Category: N5.2 Update]]