{{Section-basic-rules}}


Information in an Infinity game can be either Open or Private.

'''Consider any piece of information on a player's Army List that is not explicitly Private as Open and knowable to all.''' You must share Open Information about your Army List while you deploy your [[Models]], [[Markers]] and [[Tokens]] during the [[Deployment Phase]], and also any time your opponent asks during the game. 

Private Information is information you can keep to yourself that your opponent cannot ask about. Your Private Information remains secret until a specific game event forces you to disclose it. 

You are required to write down all Private Information before the game starts to show your opponent if necessary.

These pieces of information are Private in Infinity:
* Your Troopers’ [[Cost]] and [[SWC]]. 
* The presence of Troopers possessing the [[Combat Jump]] or [[Parachutist]] Special Skill. 
{{c1}}
* The contents of your [[Camouflage]] Markers. 
{{c1end}}
{{n4list}}
* The presence of [[Hidden Deployment]] troopers.
* The presence of troopers disguised by [[HoloMask]].
* The contents of your [[Markers]].
* The identity of Troops with [[Chain of Command]] or [[Counterintelligence]].
{{n4end}}
* The identity of your [[Lieutenant]]. 
When the game ends, an [[Army List]]’s Private Information becomes Open Information.


== FAQs & Errata ==

{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.0, Jan 2021 |
q = Q: Which Automatic Skills or Equipment have to be declared when in a Marker State? |
a = A: Automatic Skills and Equipment that alter how an Order activates a Trooper, or restrict AROs, must be declared when used in Marker State. For example using NCO to spend the Lieutenant Special Order, or using Stealth. |
related = [[Lieutenant]], [[NCO]], [[Open and Private Information]], [[Stealth]] }}


{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.3, Nov 2022 |
q = Q: When are a Fireteam’s Composition Bonuses checked? |
a = A: A Fireteam’s Composition Bonuses are Private Information until the Resolution step of an Order in which their player declares BS Attack or Discover, when the MODs of the Rolls are determined. |
related = [[Fireteam Bonuses]], [[HoloMask State]], [[Open and Private Information]] }}


[[Category:Basic Rules]]