{{n5-section-basic-rules}}


Each time the [[Active Player]] decides to spend an [[Order]] (of whatever type) to activate a Trooper, follow these steps:

1. '''Activation''': The Active Player declares which Trooper will activate.
: 1.1. '''Order expenditure''': The Active Player removes from the table, or otherwise marks as spent, the [[Order]] he uses to activate the Trooper.
: 1.2 '''Declaration of the First Skill''': The Active Player declares the first [[Basic Short Skill]], or the [[Long Skill]], they want to use.  If movements are declared, the player [[Moving and Measuring | measures]] where the Trooper can move, chooses the route, and places the Trooper at the final point of its movement.

2. '''Reactive Player's AROs'''
: 2.1. '''ARO Check'''. The [[Reactive Player]] checks if they are allowed to declare [[ARO]]s with their Troopers. Players may check from the Active Trooper if any Trooper or Game Element is inside the [[Zone of Control]] (ZoC) of the Active Trooper.
: 2.2 '''ARO Declaration'''. The Reactive Player declares the AROs of those Troopers that '''are allowed''' to declare one. Troopers are not forced to declare AROs, but if a Trooper can declare an ARO and fails to do so, they forfeit their right to declare an ARO against this Order.

3. '''Declaration of the Second Skill''': The Active Player declares the second [[Short Skill]] of the Order, if applicable. If movements are declared, the player measures where the Trooper can move, chooses the route, and places the Trooper at the final point of its movement.

4. '''Reactive Player's AROs'''
: 4.1. '''ARO Check'''. The Reactive Player checks if they are allowed to declare [[ARO]]s with those Troopers that couldn't declare an ARO in the previous ARO Check step. Players may check from the Active Trooper if any Trooper or Game Element falls inside the [[Zone of Control]] (ZoC) of the Active Trooper.
: 4.2 '''ARO Declaration'''. The Reactive Player declares the AROs of those Troopers that are allowed to declare one. Troopers are not forced to declare AROs, but if a Trooper can declare an ARO and fails to do so, they forfeit their right to declare an ARO against this Order.
5. '''Resolution''': Check that the Skills and pieces of Equipment whose use has been declared '''meet''' their respective Requirements, make all necessary [[range]] measurements, determine which MODs apply, and then both players make their Rolls. If any Skill or piece of Equipment '''doesn't meet''' its Requirements, the Trooper instead performs an [[Idle]].
: 5.1. '''Effects''': Players apply all effects of successful Skills and Equipment including [[Saving Rolls]] and [[Dodge]] movement.
: 5.2. '''Conclusion''': [[Guts Rolls]] are made if necessary, and their effects are applied, as well as those of [[Alert]]!. End of the Order.


{{Important-start}}
All details and choices related to the execution of a [[Skills_and_Equipment_Module#Common_and_Special_Skills_in_Infinity | Basic Short Skill, Short Skill, or Long Skill]] must be specified when it is declared.

For instance, if you declare a movement, you must specify the entire route.

If you declare an Attack, you must specify which [[Weapon]], piece of [[Equipment]], [[Special Skill]], [[Ammunition]], or other option will be used, who the targets are, the specific point where the shots are taken from, how the [[Burst]] is divided between targets, etc.
{{Important-end}}


{{Important-start}}
When declaring [[Alert]]!, any [[Basic Short Skill]], or the [[Long Skill]]s [[Jump]] or [[Climb]], their Requirements must be checked when the Skill is declared. For all other Skills that are declared as part of an [[Trooper Activation | Order]] or [[ARO]], their Requirements must be checked during step 5 of the Order Expenditure Sequence: Resolution.

If the use of a Skill, weapon, or a piece of Equipment is declared and when the Requirements are checked they are not met, the action is cancelled and the Trooper instead performs an [[Idle]]. Additionally, any declared uses of [[Disposable]] items are expended and lost.
{{Important-end}}


{{Important-start}}
The type, status, and expenditure of any Order ([[Orders_and_the_Order_Pool#Types_of_Orders | Regular, Irregular, Tactical, the Lieutenant Order]], which [[Combat Group]] it belongs to, whether it has been spent or not...) is [[Open Information]]. Players must place the Tokens for each and every one of their Orders in a visible place on the gaming table, and they must inform their opponent every time they spend an Order to activate a Trooper, even if it is the Lieutenant Order.
{{Important-end}}


{{update | PDF 5.2, October 2025}}
{{Important-start}}
{{erratahighblock}}
If a Trooper receives and removes [[Wound]]s or [[States]] in the same Order, the positive effect is always applied first, followed by the negative effect. 

For example, if an [[Engineer]] cancels a Trooper’s [[IMM-A]] State at the same time that the same Trooper is hit by a Riotstopper, the Engineer’s WIP Roll to cancel the Trooper’s IMM-A State is made first, then the Trooper makes their PH-6 [[Saving Roll]] against the Riotstopper’s [[PARA]] Special Ammunition. In this way, the original IMM-A Status could be canceled and a new one inflicted in the same Order.{{erratahighblock-end}}
{{Important-end}}
{{update-end}}


{{advice-start}}
'''Infinity. Fair Play'''

To streamline the game, the opponent may assist the Active Player with measurements, checking [[LoF]], etc. This will make the game more exciting and dynamic. Fair play is a win-win for both players and is essential for a good game atmosphere. If mistakes are made, ideally both players should come to an agreement to fix the problem.

The tagline “in Infinity it's always your turn” isn't just about using AROs to react during your opponent's turns, but that it is also a tool to interact continuously with your opponent, creating a constant dialogue that makes the games more engaging and enjoyable. This makes it easier to keep learning and improving your game skills, and has helped create a tight community of players, whose friendship reaches across borders and oceans.
{{advice-end}}







{{n5-section-basic-rules}}



[[Category:Basic Rules]]
[[Category: N5.2 Update]]