{{n5-section-equipment}}


A portable defense system designed to place a Scenery Element on the battlefield to provide cover.

{{css_skillbox |black| DEPLOYABLE COVER | AUTOMATIC EQUIPMENT }}
{{skill-label | Deployable, Disposable (1), Indiscriminate.  }}
{{effects}}
* When the player declares the [[Place Deployable]] Common Skill, the Trooper places the Deployable Cover Scenery Element on the game table.
* The Deployable Cover Scenery Element has a [[Silhouette]] Attribute of 3.
* Deployable Cover allows the '''[[Partial Cover]]''' rule to be applied, or variants as specified in this rule.
* The Deployable Cover Scenery Element must be removed from the game table if it suffers a successful Attack from the [[Deactivator]] piece of Equipment.
* There are two variants of Deployable Cover, each with its own features. The player must indicate which one he is using when he declares Place Deployable:
** '''Deployable Cover: Cutting Foam (CF):'''
*** [[Enemy]] Troopers cannot claim Partial Cover from this type of Deployable Cover.
** '''Deployable Cover: Vitroferro (VF):'''
*** Troopers claiming Partial Cover from this type of Deployable Terrain do not inflict a -3 BS MOD to their attacker's [[BS Attack]] Rolls.
** When in Silhouette contact, the Trooper applies a +6 MOD to their [[Saving Roll]], instead of the usual +3 MOD.
** '''Restriction:''' If the total value of the Trooper's [[ARM]]/[[BTS]] Attribute plus MODs '''exceeds 12''', apply a total of 12 instead. Then add the Attack's PS value.
* If the Unit Profile lists only one of these variants in brackets, the Trooper may only use that variant. 
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{advice-start}}
A Trooper claiming [[Partial Cover]] from Deployable Cover (Vitroferro) applies a maximum MOD of +6 to his [[Saving Roll]], even if he is in Partial Cover from another piece of scenery. Also, he cannot apply the -3 BS MOD to the enemy Attacker’s [[BS Attack]] Roll. All this only applies if the Attacker cannot get a full view of the Trooper’s [[Silhouette]] past the Deployable Cover. In either case, if the Trooper is the target of an Attack, the player may choose whether the Trooper is claiming Partial Cover from the scenery or from the Deployable Cover.
{{advice-end}}


{{important-start}}
As the Deployable Cover is a Scenery Element, it does not hinder the movement of [[Allied] or [[Enemy]] Troopers who are taller than its [[Silhouette Template]]. 
{{important-end}}



{{n5-section-equipment}}



[[Category:Equipment]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Deployable ]]
[[Category: Disposable ]]
[[Category: Indiscriminate ]]