{{n5-section-hacking}}
{{n5-section-equipment}}


Some Troopers or Hacking Devices have pieces of Equipment which provide extra protection against Comms Attacks. These defenses are codified in the Firewall rule, which applies a series of MODs to hinder the Attack and enhance the target's protection.

{{css_skillbox |black| FIREWALL | EQUIPMENT }}
{{skill-label | Obligatory }}
{{effects}}
* Any enemy that declares a [[Comms Attack]] against a Trooper benefitting from a Firewall must apply a negative MOD to his [[WIP]] Attribute, as indicated between brackets: Firewall (-3), Firewall (-6)...
* A Trooper benefiting from a Firewall also applies a MOD of +3 to their [[Saving Roll]]s (SR) against Comms Attacks.
* Troopers can only benefit from one Firewall at a time. If a Trooper can benefit from more than one Firewall, their player will decide which one to apply.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{advice-start}}
The Firewall in a Comms Attack is the equivalent of [[Cover]] in a [[BS Attack]], it hinders the Attack and aids the target’s Saving Roll.

Although the MOD to the Attack varies (-3, -6…), the MOD to the Saving Roll is always fixed (+3), unless a specific rule indicates otherwise.
{{advice-end}}


{{see-also}}
'''Examples of [[Tinbot]] Types'''<br>
'''TinBot: [[Firewall]] (-3)''' <br>
Indicates that, when the owner of the TinBot is targeted by a [[Comms Attack]], the Enemy applies a -3 Firewall MOD.
{{see-also-end}}


[[Category: Hacking]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Obligatory ]]