{{n5-section-hacking}}


{{css_skillbox |green| WHITE NOISE | SHORT SKILL }}
{{skill-label | NFB }}
{{requirements}}
* To use this this Hacking Program, the [[Hacker]] must be the Active Trooper.
{{effects}}
* The White Noise Hacking Program generates a [[White Noise Zone]] the size of a Circular Template and with infinite height.
* On a successful Normal [[WIP]] Roll, the [[Hacker]] may place the Circular Template representing the '''White Noise Zone''' inside their [[Hacking Area]] at the end of the Order.
* The Circular Template must be [[totally inside]] the Hacking Area.
* The effects of this Program persist until the start of the [[States Phase]], at which point you must remove the Circular Template.
* While the Circular Template is on the game table, the Program's [[NFB]] Label applies to the Hacker, so they cannot use or apply any other Skill, piece of Equipment, or Hacking Program that has the NFB Label, for example [[Mimetism]], [[Albedo]], [[Holoprojector]] etc.
* The range of this Program is the Hacker's Hacking Area.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{Important-start}}
Troopers possessing a [[Multispectral Visor]] or [[Marksmanship]] cannot draw [[LoF]] through a [[White Noise Zone]].
{{important-end}}


{| class="n5table-dark
|-
! Name !! Attack MOD !! Opp. MOD !! PS !! Burst !! Target !! Skill Type !! Special
|- 
| [[White Noise]] || -- || -- || -- || 1 || -- || Short Skill || [[NFB]], [[Reflective]], [[Circular Template]].
|}


{{see-also}}
'''[[Terrain and Scenery Structures#Special Terrain | Area of Effect of Special Terrain Zones]]'''<br>
: In Infinity, the [[Area of Effect]] of a Special Terrain zone is the area in where its special effects are applied. Any Trooper in [[Silhouette contact]] with a Special Terrain zone, or whose base or [[Silhouette Template]] is covered at least partially by a Special Terrain zone, is equally affected by the Effects of the zone.
{{see-also-end}}



{{n5-section-hacking}}


[[Category: Hacking]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: NFB ]]
[[Category: Reflective ]]