{{n5-section-equipment}}


An AI Motorcycle is a Motorcycle that, when its rider dismounts, becomes a Peripheral (Synchronized) Remote.


{{css_skillbox |black| AI MOTORCYCLE | AUTOMATIC EQUIPMENT }}
{{effects}}
* Units equipped with an AI Motorcycle have two different [[Unit Profile]]s, applying the [[Transmutation#Transmutation_.28Auto.29 | Transmutation (Auto)]] rules to change between them:
** Use the Mounted Trooper Profile when the Trooper is riding his or her AI Motorcycle, applying the rules for the [[Motorcycle]] piece of Equipment. <br>When changing to this Profile, the Dismounted Trooper Model must be in [[Silhouette contact]] with the Peripheral Model. Replace the Peripheral Model with the Mounted Trooper Model, then remove the Dismounted Trooper Model (See [[Replacing Game Elements | Replacing Models and Markers]]).
** Use the Dismounted Trooper Profile when the Trooper dismounts and moves on foot, applying the rules for [[Peripheral#Peripheral_.28Synchronized.29 | Peripheral (Synchronized)]] to the AI Motorcycle. When changing to this Profile, replace the Mounted Trooper Model with the Peripheral Model, then place the Dismounted Trooper Model in Silhouette contact with it.
* There are two different sets of weapons listed, the first one is for the Mounted Trooper Profile, and the second one is for the Dismounted Trooper Profile.
* '''Restriction:''' If the Peripheral (Synchronized) Remote is in [[Isolated]], [[IMM]], or any [[Null]] State, the Trooper cannot change to its Mounted Trooper Profile.
* '''Restriction:''' The Mounted Trooper Profile cannot benefit from any [[Supportware]] affecting the Peripheral (Synchronized) Remote, so it is canceled for that Trooper at the moment the Mounted Trooper Profile is applied.
{{css_skillbox-end}}




{{n5-section-equipment}}


[[Category:Equipment]]