{{section-equipment}}


{{n4only}}
{{n4list}}
This piece of Equipment encompasses all systems designed to prolong the life of TAG and Vehicle Pilots by evacuating them in case of mortal danger.

{{skillbox |black| ESCAPE SYSTEM | AUTOMATIC EQUIPMENT }}
{{skill-label | Obligatory }}
{{requirements}}
* In the Active or Reactive Turn, the Escape System activates automatically at the end of any [[Order]] during which the [[TAG]] lost its last [[STR]] point.
{{effects}}
{{update | PDF 2.1, July 2023}}
* The activation process of an Escape System has two steps:
** At the end of the Order during which the TAG lost its last STR point, place the TAG {{erratahighlight}}Operator{{erratahighlight-end}} [[Model]] in [[Silhouette contact]] with the TAG Model.
** Then, remove the TAG Model and replace it with a [[Smoke]] Circular Template.
* If the TAG lost more STR points than it had remaining, the excess points are subtracted from the {{erratahighlight}}Operator's{{erratahighlight-end}} profile.
* The activation process must always be completed, even if the {{erratahighlight}}Operator{{erratahighlight-end}} is already [[Unconscious]] or [[Dead]], and even if the TAG is Immobilized (due to Hacking, Ammunition Effects or any other reason).
* A TAG equipped with an Escape System provides its Order to the player who fielded it until its {{erratahighlight}}Operator{{erratahighlight-end}} enters a [[Null]] State (Unconscious, Dead, [[Sepsitorized]]...).
* If the {{erratahighlight}}Operator{{erratahighlight-end}} would be vulnerable to [[Hacking]] or [[E/M Ammunition]], he cannot be Hacked, or affected by E/M, while its Model is not on the game table.
{{update-end}}
{{original}}
* The activation process of an Escape System has two steps:
** At the end of the Order during which the TAG lost its last STR point, place the TAG {{originalhighlight}}Pilot{{originalhighlight-end}} [[Model]] in [[Silhouette contact]] with the TAG Model.
** Then, remove the TAG Model and replace it with a [[Smoke]] Circular Template.
* If the TAG lost more STR points than it had remaining, the excess points are subtracted from the {{originalhighlight}}Pilot's{{originalhighlight-end}} profile.
* The activation process must always be completed, even if the {{originalhighlight}}Pilot{{originalhighlight-end}} is already [[Unconscious]] or [[Dead]], and even if the TAG is Immobilized (due to Hacking, Ammunition Effects or any other reason).
* A TAG equipped with an Escape System provides its Order to the player who fielded it until its {{originalhighlight}}Pilot{{originalhighlight-end}} enters a [[Null]] State (Unconscious, Dead, [[Sepsitorized]]...).
* If the {{originalhighlight}}Pilot{{originalhighlight-end}} would be vulnerable to [[Hacking]] or [[E/M Ammunition]], he cannot be Hacked, or affected by E/M, while its Model is not on the game table.
{{original-end}}


{{Remember-start}}
{{update | PDF 2.1, July 2023}}
The ARM and BTS values of the TAG are always used to make Saving Rolls, until the {{erratahighlight}}Operator{{erratahighlight-end}} Model is placed on the game table.

Activating the Escape System does not require the expenditure of any Orders, and therefore Enemies cannot react in any way to the ejection of the {{erratahighlight}}Operator{{erratahighlight-end}}.

Always place the Smoke Circular Template, even if the {{erratahighlight}}Operator{{erratahighlight-end}} lost all his Wounds and was ejected Dead.
{{update-end}}
{{original}}
The ARM and BTS values of the TAG are always used to make Saving Rolls, until the {{originalhighlight}}Pilot{{originalhighlight-end}} Model is placed on the game table.

Activating the Escape System does not require the expenditure of any Orders, and therefore Enemies cannot react in any way to the ejection of the {{originalhighlight}}Pilot{{originalhighlight-end}}.

Always place the Smoke Circular Template, even if the {{originalhighlight}}Pilot{{originalhighlight-end}} lost all his Wounds and was ejected Dead.
{{original-end}}
{{remember-end}}


== FAQs & Errata ==

{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.0, Jan 2021 |
q = Q: How does the Possessed State interact with Pilots, Dismounting, and Escape Systems? |
a = A: When a TAG is in Possessed State, its Pilot cannot Mount or Dismount. If a TAG's Escape System takes effect while the TAG is in Possessed State, the operator profile will not be in Possessed State. |
related = [[Escape System]], [[General Movement Rules]], [[Pilot]], [[Possessed State]] }}


{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.2, Jan 2022 |
q = Q: How do Iguana and Anaconda Operators interact with Army Points, Victory Points, and Dominating ZOs? |
a = A: If the Operator profile is on the game table: 

* They are worth the Victory Points of their TAG profile.
* In scenarios with the Killing rule, the unit does not count as Killed until the Operator profile is Killed. |
related = [[Escape System]] }}

{{n4end}}



[[Category:Equipment]]