{{section-equipment}}


{{n4only}}
{{n4list}}
Special piece of Equipment that allows other Models with Structure Attribute to regain consciousness.

{{skillbox |green| GIZMOKIT | SHORT SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Non-Lethal }}
{{requirements}}
* A GizmoKit's target must be an [[Allied]] [[Model]].
* A GizmoKit can be used in one of two ways, each one with their own Requirements:
** To use it '''remotely''', the user must have [[LoF]] to the target. 
** To use it as a piece of contact equipment, the user must be in '''[[Silhouette contact]]''' with the target. 
{{effects}}
* Used remotely, a GizmoKit is considered a [[Non-Lethal]] [[BS Weapon]]. If the user passes a [[BS Attack]] Roll, applying the corresponding MODs (for [[Range]], [[Cover]], etc.), the target will perform a single '''[[PH]]''' Roll.
* A GizmoKit can also be used in Silhouette contact. To do so, the user must spend one Short Skill, without the need for a Roll, and their target will perform a '''PH''' Roll.
* In both cases, '''by passing the PH Roll''', the target recovers a single point of their [[Structure]] Attribute. If '''the PH Roll is failed''', the target loses 1 STR point instead of regaining it, entering [[Unconscious]] or [[Dead State]], if applicable. {{seefaq | If recovered to 1 STR, Unconscious State is cancelled.}}
* A GizmoKit's target does not perform a [[Saving Roll]]. 
* This piece of Equipment can be used as many times as necessary to recover as many STR points as the target has lost. 
* If, due a Special Skill or rule, a Trooper receives more than one successful hit or use of GizmoKit during the same Order, if any of the corresponding '''PH''' Rolls is successful, the Trooper recovers a single point of their Structure Attribute. Even if the Trooper passes every '''PH '''Roll, they will only recover a single point of their STR Attribute. 
* If a Trooper lists GizmoKit in their [[Unit Profile]] with a PH value between brackets, the Trooper will use this PH value when a GizmoKit is used on them.


{{weapon}}
{{weaponrow|GizmoKit|+3|0|-6|--|--|--|--|--|1|--|--|[[Non-Lethal]], [***see above]}}
|}


== FAQs & Errata ==

{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.0, Jan 2021 |
q = Q: How do Engineer, GizmoKits, and Unconscious State interact? |
a = A: If a Trooper with STR is in Unconscious State, successful use of a GizmoKit or the Engineer Special Skill on them will restore the Trooper to 1 STR and cancel their Unconscious State. But the Unconscious State would be the only State cancelled by the Engineer, to cancel other States must use another Order. |
related = [[Engineer]], [[GizmoKit]], [[Unconscious State]] }}


{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.3, Nov 2022 |
q = Q: What happens if a Trooper loses and gains points of W/STR or has States inflicted and cancelled simultaneously? For example, if an Engineer cancels a Trooper's IMM-A State at the same time as the Trooper is hit by a Riotstopper. |
a = A: Apply the positive effect to the Trooper first. Then apply the negative effect. For example, make the Engineer's WIP Roll to cancel the Trooper's IMM-A State, then make the PH-6 Saving Roll against the Riotstopper's PARA ammunition. This can result in the original IMM-A State being cancelled and a new State being inflicted. |
related = [[Doctor]], [[Dodge]], [[Engineer]], [[GizmoKit]], [[MediKit]], [[Protheion]], [[Reset]] }}

{{n4end}}



[[Category:Equipment]]