{{n5-section-equipment}}


This piece of Equipment was designed to combat the effects of different military concealment and camouflage technologies.

{{css_skillbox |black| MULTISPECTRAL VISOR LEVEL 1 | AUTOMATIC EQUIPMENT }}
{{skill-label | Obligatory }}
{{effects}}
* This Visor reduces the MODs of [[Mimetism]] (-3), and of [[Low Visibility Zone]]s, to 0.
* This Visor reduces the MODs of Mimetism (-6), and of [[Poor Visibility Zone]]s, to -3.
* Additionally, it allows the user to draw LoF through [[Zero Visibility Zone]]s, applying a -6 MOD to any Skill that requires [[LoF]]. {{seefaq}}
* Troopers equipped with this piece of Equipment do not make [[Face to Face Roll]]s against weapons using [[Smoke Ammunition]].
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{css_skillbox |black| MULTISPECTRAL VISOR LEVEL 2 | AUTOMATIC EQUIPMENT }}
{{skill-label | Obligatory }}

{{effects}}
* This Visor reduces MODs from [[Mimetism]] and from [[Visibility Zone]]s to 0.
* In addition, it allows its user to draw [[LoF]] through Visibility Zones without having to apply that Zone's MODs '''to any Skill that requires [[LoF]]'''.
* Troopers equipped with this piece of Equipment do not make [[Face to Face Roll]]s against weapons that use [[Smoke Ammunition]].
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{css_skillbox |black| MULTISPECTRAL VISOR LEVEL 3 | AUTOMATIC EQUIPMENT }}
{{skill-label | Obligatory }}
{{effects}}
* This Visor reduces MODs from [[Mimetism]], and from [[Visibility Zone]]s, to 0.
* In addition, it allows its user to draw [[LoF]] through Visibility Zones without having to apply that Zone's MODs '''to any Skill that requires [[LoF]]'''.
* Troopers equipped with this piece of Equipment do not make [[Face to Face Roll]]s against weapons that use [[Smoke Ammunition]].
* When performing [[Discover]] against a target in [[Camouflaged State]], the user's [[WIP]] Roll is automatically a success.
* Users of a Multispectral Visor L3 ignore [[Surprise Attack]] MODs if they have [[LoF]] to the attacker. In addition, they also ignore Surprise Attack MODs from [[CC Attack]]s even if they don't have LoF to the attacker.
* Additionally, in the [[Active Turn]] the user may perform a [[BS Attack]] on a Camouflage Marker (CAMO) in LoF without making a previous Discover Roll, but they must apply the Mimetism MOD indicated on the Marker. However, the Cancellation clauses for Camouflaged State are applied as usual.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{update | PDF 5.2, October 2025}}
{{important}}
{{erratahighlight}}Troopers with the [[Multispectral Visor]] piece of Equipment or with the [[Marksmanship]] Special Skill{{erratahighlight-end}} are affected by: 
* [[White Noise Zone]]s.
* The [[Reflective]] Trait. 
* The [[Albedo]] piece of Equipment.
{{boxend}} 
{{update-end}}
{{original}}
{{see-also-start}}
Troopers with Multispectral Visors are affected by:
* '''[[Albedo]]'''.
* Any item with the '''[[Reflective]]''' Trait.
* '''[[White Noise Zone]]s'''.
{{see-also-end}}
{{original-end}}


== FAQs ==

{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N5 FAQ |
version = 0.0.0, Oct 2025 |
q = Q: How do Sixth Sense, Zero Visibility Zones and Multipectral Visor Level 1 interact? |
a = A: If the Trooper with Multispectral Visor Level 1 and Sixth Sense is the target of a BS Attack through a Zero Visibility Zone, they ignore the -6 MOD for drawing LoF through the Zero Visibility Zone. |
related = [[Multispectral Visor]], [[Sixth Sense]], [[Visibility Conditions]] }}



{{n5-section-equipment}}



[[Category:Equipment]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Obligatory ]]