{{section-equipment}}


{{n4annex}}
{{n4list}}
The SymbioMate is a single use piece of Equipment that allows its owner, in whose Unit Profile the SymbioMate is listed, to assign it to a Trooper in the same Army List, called the user, in order to provide additional combat advantages.

{{update | 1.2, Jan 2022}}
{{skillbox |black| SYMBIOMATE | AUTOMATIC EQUIPMENT }}
{{skill-label | Assignable (W), {{erratahighlight}}Obligatory{{erratahighlight-end}} }}
{{requirements}}
* The SymbioMate '''must''' be used when {{erratahighlight}}the Trooper is forced to make{{erratahighlight-end}} a [[Saving Roll]].
{{effects}}
* A SymbioMate provides its user with '''[[ARM]] and [[BTS]]''' values of '''9''' replacing the [[ARM]] and [[BTS]] values of the user's [[Unit Profile]] and it also provides the [[Immunity (Total)]] Special Skill. <br> In addition, the SymbioMate is also used and applied against '''[[Comms Attacks]]'''.
* When a Trooper with a SymbioMate {{erratahighlight}}is forced to make{{erratahighlight-end}} any Saving Rolls{{erratahighlight}}, she will perform those {{erratahighlight-end}}Saving Rolls with an Attribute value of 9, applying the Immunity (Total) Special Skill. Any other successful Attacks received by the user–or weapon or rule requiring any Saving Rolls–during the same Order will also apply the ARM and BTS values of 9, and the Immunity (Total) Special Skill. {{erratahighlight}}Against Comms Attacks, apply the ARM and BTS values of 9 but not the Immunity (Total) Special Skill. {{erratahighlight-end}}
* This is a single-use piece of Equipment, the SymbioMate will be removed from the game table at the end of the Order in which it was used.
{{update-end}}
{{original}}
{{skillbox |black| SYMBIOMATE | AUTOMATIC EQUIPMENT }}
{{skill-label | Assignable (W) }}
{{requirements}}
* The SymbioMate '''must''' be used when {{originalhighlight}}suffering a successful [[Attack]] or being affected by any weapon or rule that requires{{originalhighlight-end}} a [[Saving Roll]].
{{effects}}
* A SymbioMate provides its user with '''[[ARM]] and [[BTS]]''' values of '''9''' replacing the [[ARM]] and [[BTS]] values of the user's [[Unit Profile]] and it also provides the [[Immunity (Total)]] Special Skill. 
: In addition, the SymbioMate is also used and applied against '''[[Comms Attacks]]'''.
* When a Trooper with a SymbioMate  {{originalhighlight}}suffers a successful [[Attack]]–or is affected by any weapon or rule that requires {{originalhighlight-end}} any Saving Rolls {{originalhighlight}}–she will perform any {{originalhighlight-end}} Saving Rolls with an Attribute value of 9, applying the Immunity (Total) Special Skill. Any other successful Attacks received by the user–or weapon or rule requiring any Saving Rolls–during the same Order will also apply the ARM and BTS values of 9, and the Immunity (Total) Special Skill.
* This is a single-use piece of Equipment, the SymbioMate will be removed from the game table at the end of the Order in which it was used.
{{original-end}}


===SymbioMate Game Example-1===
During the Deployment Phase, the Tohaa Player assigns two of their Kaeltar Specialists' SymbioMates to a Gorgos and a Sakiel, two Troopers with the Transmutation (W) Special Skill.

During the game, the Gorgos receives, in the same Order, a successful hit with DA Ammunition, and a successful Attack with Forward Observer. As the Gorgos possesses a SymbioMate they are forced to use it. Thanks to the Immunity (Total) Special Skill, the TAG treats the DA hit as Normal Ammunition, applying an ARM value of 9, and is not affected by the Forward Observer Attack. At the end of the Order, the player must remove the SymbioMate from the game table.

Let's suppose the Gorgos received two successful hits from a weapon with the Continuous Damage Trait and also an Attack with a Hacking Program. The Gorgos is forced to use the SymbioMate, so the TAG ignores the Continuous Damage Trait (thanks to the Immunity (Total) Special Skill) applying an ARM Attribute value of 9. However, the Gorgos must perform a Saving Roll against BTS for the Hacking Attack, using the Attribute value of 9 provided by the SymbioMate. At the end of the Order, the player must remove the SymbioMate from the game table.

If the Gorgos was in Partial Cover, it would apply the -3 MOD to Damage, if applicable. 

Later, the Kaeltar Specialist who is the owner of the Sakiel's SymbioMate passes to Dead State. However, even though the Kaeltar model is removed from the game table, the player will not remove the Sakiel's unused SymbioMate.


===SymbioMate Game Example-2===
In the next Game Round, during a heroic action, the Sakiel suffers two successful hits with AP Ammunition and one Critical hit with DA Ammunition, all of them in the same Order. As the Sakiel has a SymbioMate, he must use it, so he treats all three hits as Normal Ammunition due to the Immunity (Total) Special Skill, performing a total of four Saving Rolls with an ARM value of 9one Saving Roll for each hit and an additional Saving Roll due to the Critical. At the end of that Order, the player must remove the SymbioMate. 

If the Sakiel had suffered a successful Attack with a weapon loaded with PARA Ammunition, and with the Non-Lethal Trait, he will not make the Saving Roll, thanks to the Immunity (Total) Special Skill. However, his player must remove the SymbioMate from the game table at the end of that Order.


== FAQs & Errata ==

{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = 1.1.1, Dec 2021 |
q = Q: What happens if a Trooper with SymbioMate is hit by Spotlight? |
a = A: Spotlight doesn't trigger the SymbioMate, because it doesn't cause a Saving Roll. |
related = [[SymbioMate]] }}

{{n4end}}


[[Category:Equipment]]
[[Category: N4 Annex]]