{{n5-section-special-skills}}
{{n5-section-reference-charts}}


Soldiers with this Special Skill have an uncanny ability to find equipment and gear during their field operations and take some of it as a keepsake. As a consequence, each of them carries a different extra weapon or piece of equipment into battle.

{{css_skillbox |purple|  BOOTY | DEPLOYMENT SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Optional }}

{{effects}}
* Booty allows a roll on the Booty Chart, after placing the Trooper in Model form on the table, in order to determine that Trooper's extra item.
* The item obtained via the Booty Chart is added to the Trooper's gear and does '''not''' replace any of the Trooper's weapons or pieces of Equipment.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


== Booty Chart ==

{| class="n5table-dark"
|-
! colspan="4"| Booty Chart
|-
! ROLL !! ITEM !! ROLL !! ITEM
|- 
| 1-2 || +1 [[ARM]] || 13 || Panzerfaust 
|- 
| 3-4  || Light Flamethrower || 14 || Monofilament CC Weapon 
|- 
| 5-6 || Grenades || 15 || [[MOV]] 8-4
|- 
| 7-8 || DA CC Weapon || 16 || TAG: BS Attack ([[Shock]]) <br>Other Troop Types: MULTI Rifle 
|- 
| 9 || [[Multispectral Visor]] L1 || 17 || MULTI Sniper Rifle
|- 
| 10 || EXP CC Weapon || 18 || TAG: [[Immunity]] (ARM)<br>Other Troop Types: + 4 [[ARM]]
|- 
| 11 || Adhesive Launcher Rifle || 19 || [[Mimetism]] (-6)
|- 
| 12 || TAG: [[Immunity]] (AP)<br>Other Troop Types: + 2 [[ARM]] || 20 || TAG: BS Attack (+1 B)<br>Other Troop Types: HMG
|}


{{see-also-start}}
Weapons rolled on the Booty Chart can be found in the '''[[Weapon Chart]]'''.
{{see-also-end}}


== FAQs ==

{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N5 FAQ |
version = 0.0.0, Oct 2025 |
q = Q: During your main part of the Deployment Phase, can you reposition Troopers, Deployables, etc? |
a = A: In their main Deployment Phase step, players can reposition Troopers, Deployables, etc. As soon as a Roll or measurement is made for those game elements, their position is fixed, and they cannot be repositioned during the Deployment Phase.

For example, you can reposition a Trooper as many times as you want, but after you create a Fireteam and adjust the placement of the Fireteam members during the Coherency Check, you can no longer reposition any member of that Fireteam. |
related = [[Booty]], [[Coherency]], [[Decoy State]], [[Deployment Phase]], [[Fireteams: Basic Rules]], [[Holoecho State]], [[MetaChemistry]], [[Minelayer]] }}



{{n5-section-special-skills}}
{{n5-section-reference-charts}}



[[Category:Special Skills]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Optional ]]