{{n5-section-special-skills}}


Troopers with this Special Skill have the medical know-how to stabilize their unconscious comrades while in the field, saving their lives and returning them to active duty.

{{css_skillbox |green| DOCTOR | SHORT SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Optional }}
{{requirements}}
* Troopers using this Special Skill must be in [[Silhouette contact]] with their target.
* The target must have the [[Vitality]] Attribute and be in [[Unconscious State]].
{{effects}}
* By passing a [[Normal]] [[WIP]] Roll, the target's Unconscious State is cancelled, by removing 1 single [[Wound]] from those it has received, unless a rule or Skill specified otherwise. If the WIP Roll fails, the target automatically enters the [[Dead State]] and is removed from the game table.
* Troopers may be recovered from the Unconscious State as many times as necessary, as long as the Doctor passes the '''WIP''' Roll.
* This Skill may present the following variations in the Unit Profile:
** '''Doctor (2W):''' Allows the target to remove 2 Wounds when their Unconscious State is cancelled. 
** '''Doctor (ReRoll -X):''' Once per Order, any failed Roll with this Skill may be rerolled, but with a negative MOD (-X) to the WIP Attribute. The player must accept the result of this last Roll. This reroll does not provide a new [[ARO]] to the enemy.  
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{important-start}}
Even if the player failed the roll granted by (ReRoll -X), they could still apply the Operational Use of the [[Command Tokens]] to repeat a Doctor’s WIP Roll. 

However, the negative MOD of the Doctor (ReRoll -X) Skill does not apply when repeating this Roll. 
{{important-end}}


{{see-also-start}}
'''[[Command Tokens#Command Tokens: Operational Use | Command Tokens: Operational Use]]''' and '''[[Cube]]s'''

If the target has a Cube, Command Tokens can be expended to reroll failed Doctor Rolls.
{{see-also-end}}



[[Category:Special Skills]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Optional ]]