{{n5-section-special-skills}}


Engineers have the means and the skill to repair damaged Equipment on the field.

{{css_skillbox |green| ENGINEER | SHORT SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Optional }}
{{requirements}}
* Troopers using this Special Skill must be in [[Silhouette contact]] with their target.
{{effects}}
* Engineer allows, by passing a [[Normal]] [[WIP]] Roll, removing a [[Wound]] from a target with the [[Structure]] Attribute (STR). This cancels [[Unconscious State]] if applicable.
* This Special Skill can be declared as many times as necessary to remove all the Wounds that the target has.
* If the Engineer fails the Normal WIP Roll, the target receives a Wound instead of removing it, entering Unconscious or [[Dead State]] if applicable.
* Alternatively, by passing a Normal WIP Roll, a Trooper with Engineer may cancel all of their target's [[States]] that can be canceled by this Special Skill except Unconscious ([[Immobilized]]-A and B, [[Targeted]], etc.), removing the corresponding State Tokens.
* Failing the Normal WIP Roll when trying to cancel other states has no negative consequence, and the Roll can be performed again in future Orders.
* '''Engineer (ReRoll -X):'''<br>Once per Order, any failed Roll with this Skill may be rerolled, but with a negative MOD (-X) to the WIP Attribute. The player must accept the result of this last Roll. This reroll does not provide a new ARO to the enemy.
* '''Engineer and [[Remote Presence]]:'''<br>Regardless of which level of Unconscious State the target is in, with a single successful WIP Roll, they remove all the Wounds necessary to cancel the target's Unconscious State.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{important-start}}
Even if the player failed the roll granted by (ReRoll -X), they could still apply the Operational Use of the [[Command Tokens]] to repeat a Engineer’s WIP Roll.

However, the negative MOD of the Engineer (ReRoll -X) Skill does not apply when repeating this Roll.
{{important-end}}


{{see-also-start}}
'''[[Command Tokens#Command Tokens: Operational Use | Command Tokens: Operational Use]]''' and '''[[Remote Presence]]'''

If the target has Remote Presence, Command Tokens can be expended to reroll failed Engineer Rolls.
{{see-also-end}}



{{n5-section-special-skills}}




[[Category:Special Skills]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Optional ]]