{{n5-section-special-skills}}


The user of this Special Skill may deploy outside the limits of their Deployment Zone thanks to their training in infiltration techniques.

{{css_skillbox |purple| INFILTRATION | DEPLOYMENT SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Superior Deployment, Optional. }}

{{effects}}
* During the [[Deployment Phase]], the Trooper may be deployed anywhere in the player's half of the table.
* It also allows the user to deploy in the opponent's half of the game table by making a successful Infiltration Roll.
* The user cannot use Infiltration to deploy inside the [[enemy]] [[Deployment Zone]].

==Infiltration Roll==
* An Infiltration Roll is required to infiltrate into the enemy's half of the table. This is a '''[[Normal]] Roll with [[PH]]-3'''. <br> If a Trooper has Infiltration listed in its [[Unit Profile]] with a PH value between brackets, any Infiltration Roll is made using that PH value.
* The Infiltration Roll must be made '''after''' placing the user on the game table, along with any [[Deployable Weapon]] or piece of Equipment they can deploy.
* '''Failed Infiltration Roll'''. If the user fails the Roll, they must be placed within their player's Deployment Zone, in contact with the edge of the game table. <br>Additionally, after failing this Roll, the user loses the option to deploy in a Marker State or Hidden Deployment State and is always deployed as a Model. Any Deployable Weapons and Equipment that were deployed alongside them are removed from the game table.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{Remember-start}}
Troopers cannot be deployed in contact with [[enemy]] and [[neutral]] Models, Markers, or Tokens, or in contact with any mission objective, no matter the Special Skills they have.
{{Remember-end}}


{{greybox-start | Infiltration Example }}
A Trooper with the Infiltration, [[Camouflage]], and [[Minelayer]] Special Skills, and Shock [[Mines]], decides to deploy in the Enemy's half of the table. They must follow these steps:

* Place both Camouflaged (-3) Markers in the Enemy's half of the table following the Minelayer rule.
* Check that the Markers are in [[Zone of Control]] of each other.
* Make the Infiltration Roll, which in this case has a [[Success Value]] equal to their PH Attribute -3.

If the Infiltration Roll is failed, the Trooper is placed in Model form within their player's [[Deployment Zone]], touching an edge of the game table and losing the Shock Mine which is removed from the game table.

If the Trooper has the '''Infiltration (PH=18)''' Special Skill, the Success Value for their Infiltration Roll (PH-3) is 15 (18-3=15).
{{greybox-end}}



[[Category:Special Skills]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Superior Deployment ]]
[[Category: Optional ]]