{{n5-section-game-states}}


{{css_skillbox |black| ENGAGED STATE }}
{{activation}}
* The Trooper is in [[Silhouette contact]] with an [[Enemy]] Trooper, and neither are in an [[Immobilized]] or [[Null]] State (except for [[Sepsitorized]] or [[Possessed]]).

{{effects}}
* Troopers in Engaged State are considered to be in [[Close Combat]].
* Troopers in this state can only declare '''[[Berserk]], [[CC Attack]], [[Dodge]], [[Idle]], [[Reset]]''', and Skills that specify that they can be used in Close Combat or in Engaged State.
* Troopers that are in Engaged State may not trace [[LoF]] outside their Close Combat.
* By declaring [[BS Attack]] on a Trooper in Engaged State, the [[BS Attack Into a Close Combat]] rule must be applied.
* [[Template Weapon]]s placed on a group of Troopers in Engaged state will always affect '''all participating Troopers''', even if the placement of the Template would only affect one of them.

{{cancellation}}
* This state is canceled when the Trooper is no longer in [[Silhouette contact]] with any [[Enemy]] Troopers.
* A Trooper's Engaged State is automatically canceled if, in the 5.1 [[Effects step]] of any Order, all enemies in Silhouette contact are in an [[Immobilized]] or [[Null]] State (except for [[Sepsitorized]] or [[Possessed]]).
* A Trooper may also cancel the Engaged State if they pass a '''[[Dodge]] Roll''', either [[Normal]] or [[Face to Face Roll | Face to Face]]. In this case, the Trooper must leave Silhouette contact, moving up to 2 inches to separate themselves from the enemy.
* If they cannot move to a valid position that is outside Silhouette contact, the Trooper will remain in Engaged State without moving.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{see-also}}
'''[[Line of Fire]]'''
* Troopers who are in Engaged State '''cannot''' draw LoF to Troopers or game elements that are not in Engaged State with them. In addition, Troopers who are in Engaged State are not affected by [[Visibility Conditions]] or by other rules affecting LoF.
{{see-also-end}}


{{n5-section-game-states}}


[[Category: Game States]]