{{n5-section-game-states}}


{{css_skillbox |black| HIDDEN DEPLOYMENT }}
{{activation}}
{{update | PDF 5.2, October 2025}}
* Automatic in the [[Deployment Phase]] {{erratahighlight}}for Troopers with the [[Hidden Deployment]] Skill{{erratahighlight-end}}.
{{update-end}}

{{effects}}
* The Hidden Deployment State is a special form of deployment that allows the user to deploy during the Deployment Phase without placing a Model or Marker on the battlefield.
* In your Deployment Phase, write down the position of your Hidden Deployment Troopers in as much detail as possible (make sure to specify whether the Trooper is in [[Cover]], [[Prone]], etc.) in order to show your opponent when their State is canceled and their position revealed.
* Until a Trooper's Hidden Deployment State is canceled, that Trooper is considered not to be on the game table at all. Consequently, such a Trooper does not affect [[LoF]], is not affected by [[Template Weapon]]s, etc. <br>However, the player must consider the written down position of the Trooper in Hidden Deployment, to check whether they may declare [[ARO]]s.
* While in Hidden Deployment State, the Trooper '''will not add their [[Order]] to the [[Order Pool]]''' during the [[Tactical Phase]]. They can only use this Order themselves, when placing the Trooper on the gaming table during the [[Active Turn]].
* Although the Trooper in Hidden Deployment is not considered to be on the table, if the Trooper has the [[Infiltration]] Special Skill and makes an Infiltration Roll, the Roll must be made once their position is written down.
** If the Roll is a success, the Trooper infiltrates and does not lose the Hidden Deployment State.
** If the Roll is failed, the Trooper's Model is placed within their player's [[Deployment Zone]], always in contact with the edge of the game table.
* If a Trooper deploys in Hidden Deployment State and in [[Holoecho State]], the player must write down the positions of the three Holoechoes on the game table and which of them is the real Trooper. When the Trooper's Hidden Deployment State is canceled you must perform a [[Coherency]] Check. Any Holoechoes that are out of Coherency have their Holoecho State cancelled.
* When a player moves a Hidden Deployment Trooper into a different [[Combat Group]], they must inform their opponent that the Trooper exists. The Troopers's information remains [[Private]], until the Trooper is revealed.
* Troopers in Hidden Deployment State can be selected to be part of a [[Coordinated Order]]. However, in this situation they will lose their own Order.
* Once a Troopers' Hidden Deployment State has been cancelled, they cannot regain it. 

{{cancellation}}
* The Hidden Deployment State is canceled if the user is [[Discover]]ed by means of a Special Skill that explicitly allows it (for example [[Sensor]]).
* The Hidden Deployment state is automatically canceled whenever the Trooper declares an [[Trooper Activation | Order]] or [[ARO]]. 
* The Trooper's Model or Marker is placed on the game table, in the position you wrote down, facing in the direction of your choice.
* If the Trooper has a Skill that allows them to deploy in a Marker State (for example [[Camouflage]]), they will be able to keep that State as long as:
** They declare [[Cautious Movement]] or any [[Basic Short Skill]] that does not require making a [[Roll]] (except [[Look Out]]!).
** They delay their [[ARO]] against a Marker.
** They prevent an Enemy Trooper from entering a Marker State.
* If the Trooper in a Marker State declares a [[Short Skill]], [[Long Skill]], or [[ARO]] other than those listed above, their Marker State is also cancelled. In this case, place the Model that represents the Trooper in the position you wrote down, facing in the direction of your choice.
* If a Model or a Marker, ally or enemy, occupies the same space as a Trooper in Hidden Deployment and this Trooper declares an Order or ARO, they are revealed and are placed as close as possible to their written down position. They cannot be placed in [[Silhouette contact]] with the Model or Marker.
* The Hidden Deployment State is canceled if the Trooper becomes [[Impetuous]] (due to a game situation) or enters [[Retreat State | Retreat! State]].
* When the Model is placed on the battlefield, the player must provide their adversary with the Trooper's complete [[Open Information]].
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{see-also}}
'''[[Hidden Deployment]]'''
* During the [[Deployment Phase]], it allows the user to deploy in [[Hidden Deployment State]].
{{see-also-end}}


{{advice}}
If a Trooper in Hidden Deployment wants to prevent another Trooper in [[LoF]] from returning to a Marker State, they must place the corresponding Model or Marker on the table at the moment the opponent declares their intention to return to [[Camouflaged]], [[Impersonation State | Impersonation]] etc. State
{{advice-end}}



{{n5-section-game-states}}

[[Category: Game States]]

[[Category: N5.2 Update]]