{{n5-section-special-skills}}


This Special Skill marks the Trooper's capacity to detonate in a blast

{{css_skillbox |black| EXPLODE | AUTOMATIC SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Attack, Obligatory. }}
{{requirements}}
* The user must be in [[Unconscious State]] for this Special Skill to activate.
{{effects}}
* This Special Skill forces its user to detonate automatically when he enters Unconscious state.
* At the end of the Order in which the user entered Unconscious State, before making [[Guts Rolls]], the Trooper makes a [[Direct Template]] Attack, placing the center of the Circular Template (Blast Focus) over the center of their base.
* Explode applies [[Shock Ammunition]], forcing targets to make a [[Saving Roll]] against ARM, with PS7.
* Enemy Troopers who are affected by the Attack and had performed a [[Dodge]] will avoid this Attack if they passed their PH Roll.
* Once all Rolls have been made, the user enters [[Dead State]] and is removed from the game table.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{Important-start}}
If a Trooper enters [[Dead State]] directly due to a Special Skill (e.g. [[Dogged]]), an Ammunition (e.g. [[Shock]]), or because he suffers several [[Wounds]] in a single Order, this Special Skill does not activate.

If the user activates the Dogged or [[No Wound Incapacitation]] Special Skills when entering Unconscious State, he does not Explode.
{{Important-end}}


{{Remember-start}}
Template Attacks that affect [[allied]] Models or Markers are canceled, but the user of Explode still enters [[Dead State]].
{{Remember-end}}



{{n5-section-special-skills}}




[[Category:Special Skills]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Attack ]]
[[Category: Obligatory ]]