{{n5-section-common-skills}}


This Common Skill allows a Trooper to cancel their Unloaded State, or replenish any expended uses of Disposable weapons or pieces of Equipment. 

{{css_skillbox |greenyellow| RELOAD | SHORT SKILL /ARO }}
{{skill-label | Attack }}
{{requirements}}
* The Trooper must be inside the [[Zone of Control]] of an [[Allied]] Trooper with the [[Baggage]] piece of Equipment. The Trooper with Baggage must be in a non-[[Null]] State.
* The Trooper is in [[Unloaded State]], or has expended uses of any weapons or piece of Equipment with the [[Disposable]] Trait.
{{effects}}
* Without requiring a Roll, the Trooper cancels their Unloaded State, or regains all expended uses of their Disposable weapons or pieces of Equipment. 
* '''Restriction:''' This effect may only be applied to a single Allied Trooper per Order.
* Recovering the use of Disposable weapons and pieces of Equipment does not affect any weapons and pieces of Equipment that were already deployed on the gaming table.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{see-also-start}}
'''[[Baggage]]'''<br>
In the [[States Phase]], Troopers in [[ZoC]] of a Trooper with [[Baggage]] may automatically cancel their [[Unloaded State]], or regain all expended uses of their [[Disposable]] weapons or pieces of Equipment.

'''[[Non-Reloadable]]'''<br>
[[Unloaded State]] cannot be cancelled for [[Disposable]] weapons or pieces of Equipment with the [[Non-Reloadable]] Label or Trait, and their expended uses cannot be regained.
{{see-also-end}}




[[Category:Common Skills]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Attack ]]