{{section-movement-module}}
{{section-common-skills}}


{{n4only}}
{{n4}}
Under certain circumstances, Troopers can declare this Common Skill to move about the battlefield without attracting enemy AROs.

{{skillbox |red| CAUTIOUS MOVEMENT | ENTIRE ORDER}}
{{skill-label | Movement, No LoF, No Roll.}}{{Requirements}}
* At the moment of declaration, the Trooper must be outside the [[LoF]] and [[ZoC]] of all enemy [[Models]] and [[Markers]].
{{Effects}}
* Allows the Trooper to move up to the first value of his [[MOV]] Attribute, generating no enemy [[ARO]]s in the process. For this Cautious Movement to generate no AROs, it must begin and end outside the LoF and ZoC of all enemy Models and Markers. 
* If the Cautious Movement begins or ends within the LoF or ZoC of any enemy Models or Markers, the Trooper will generate AROs as usual.
* Cautious Movement must follow the [[General Movement Rules]] as well as the [[Moving and Measuring]] rules.


{{important-start}}
TAGs, Remotes, Vehicles, and Troopers on Motorcycles can never declare Cautious Movement.
{{important-end}}


{{remember-start}}
Troopers in Hidden Deployment are neither Models nor Markers, so they cannot react to a Cautious Movement even if they have LoF.
{{remember-end}}


{{greybox-start | Cautious Movement Example }}
{{update | 1.1.1, Dec 2021}}
A Fusilier wants to sneak up on an Alguacil. Since he is in Total Cover behind a tall building, The Fusilier is outside LoF the Alguacil and the other Nomads, including a Camouflage Marker. He estimates that he can reach Total Cover behind a bin with the first value of his MOV where he would be safely hidden, so he declares Cautious Movement.

The Alguacil and all other Nomad Troopers, including the Camouflage Marker, cannot declare AROs because the Fusilier's Cautious Movement began and ended outside their LoF and ZoC.
{{update-end}}
{{original}}
A Fusilier wants to sneak up on an Alguacil. Since he is in Total Cover behind a tall building, The Fusilier is outside LoF of the Alguacil and the other Nomads, including a Camouflage Marker. He estimates that he can reach Total Cover behind a bin with the first value of his MOV where he would be safely hidden, so he declares Cautious Movement.

The Alguacil and all other Nomad Troopers, including the Camouflage Marker, cannot declare {{originalhighlight}}valid{{originalhighlight-end}} AROs because the Fusilier's Cautious Movement began and ended outside their LoF and ZoC.
{{original-end}}
{{greybox-end}}


== FAQs & Errata ==

{{faqbox |
type = faq |
title = N4 FAQ |
version = Updated 1.3, Nov 2022 |
q = Q: Does {{erratahighlight}}a Trooper in Disconnected State or Unconscious State (including those in Shasvastii-Embryo State){{erratahighlight-end}} prevent an enemy from re-entering Marker State, or cancel their Cautious Movement? |
a = A: No. |
related = [[Camouflaged State]], [[Cautious Movement]], [[Impersonation State]], [[Unconscious]] }}

{{n4end}}



{{section-movement-module}}
{{section-common-skills}}

[[Category: Common Skills]]
[[Category: Movement Module]]