{{n5-section-common-skills}}


This Skill allows the user to warn all allies of imminent danger so that they can turn to face new threats.

{{css_skillbox |yellow| LOOK OUT! | ARO }}
{{skill-label | No Roll }}
{{requirements}}
Players must check the Requirements of this Skill when declaring it.
* The user must have [[LoF]] to an enemy Trooper or Marker who declares or performs an Order.
{{effects}}
* Allows all other Troopers of the same player to modify their LoF without displacing, if the player so chooses. This will be considered as if the Troopers modifying their LoF had declared an [[ARO]].
* This modification to the LoF is made through a [[Normal]] or [[Face to Face Roll | Face to Face]] [[Dodge]] (PH-3) Roll. This will be a Normal Roll, unless the alerted Trooper has been targeted by an Attack that can be evaded with a Face to Face Dodge Roll.
* The alerted Troopers may perform the Dodge (PH-3) Roll as long as they had not declared any other previous ARO.
* The Reactive Player must indicate which Troopers will modify their LoF after declaring their Look Out! ARO.
* All the other Troopers' Dodge (PH-3) Rolls will be made in the same Order as the Trooper using the Look Out! ARO.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{greybox-start | Example of Look Out! }}
During his Reactive Turn, Trooper A gains [[LoF]] to an enemy that has declared [[Move]] as the first Basic Short Skill of the Order, which allows him to approach Trooper B. As Trooper B is looking the other way, the enemy is outside his Line of Fire and [[Zone of Control]].

Since the enemy is too far from Trooper A for him to shoot effectively, Trooper A decides to declare the Look Out! ARO, and the Reactive Player indicates that Trooper B will make a [[Dodge]] (PH-3) Roll as their ARO because he is alerted. The enemy declares a [[BS Attack]] against Trooper B. 

Thanks to Look Out!, Trooper B may make his Dodge (PH-3) Roll. If the Trooper wins the [[Face to Face Roll]], in addition to avoiding the Attack, he may turn around to face the enemy, if he wishes so. In that case, in the next Order that the enemy declares, Trooper B will already have LoF to react by declaring, for example, BS Attack against his enemy.
{{greybox-end}}



[[Category:Common Skills]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: No Roll ]]