{{n5-section-hacking}}
{{n5-section-reference-charts}}


== Hacking Programs Chart ==


{| class="n5table-dark
|-
! Name !! Attack MOD !! Opp. MOD !! PS !! Burst !! Target !! Skill Type !! Special
|- 
| [[Assisted Fire]] || -- || -- || -- || -- || REM || Long Skill || Target Model gains [[Marksmanship]].
|- 
| [[Carbonite]] || 0 || 0 || 7 || 2 || TAG, HI, REM, VH, [[Hacker]] || Short Skill / ARO || [[DA]] Ammo, [[Non-Lethal]], [[State Trait | State:]] [[Immobilized-B]].
|- 
| [[Controlled Jump]] || -- || -- || -- || -- || -- || Short Skill / ARO || +3/-3 MOD to the PH of every Trooper that performs [[Combat Jump]]. 
|- 
| [[Cybermask]] || -- || -- || -- || -- || -- || Long Skill || Replace user with [[IMP-2]] Marker.
|- 
| [[Enhanced Reaction]] || -- || -- || -- || -- || REM || Long Skill || Target gains [[B]]2 in [[ARO]].
|- 
| [[Fairy Dust]] || -- || -- || -- || -- || TAG, REM, HI, VH || Long Skill || The targets gain [[Firewall]] MODs.
|- 
| [[Oblivion]] || 0 || 0 || 4 || 2 || TAG, HI, REM, VH, [[Hacker]] || Short Skill / ARO || [[AP]] Ammo, [[Non-Lethal]], [[State Trait | State:]] [[Isolated]].
|- 
| [[Spotlight]] || 0 || 0 || 5 || 2 || -- || Short Skill / ARO || [[AP]] Ammo, [[Non-Lethal]], [[State Trait | State:]] [[Targeted]].
|- 
| [[Total Control]] || 0 || 0 || 4 || 1 || TAG || Short Skill / ARO || [[DA]] Ammo, [[Non-Lethal]], [[State Trait | State:]] [[Possessed|POS]]/[[Normal State|Normal]].
|- 
| [[Trinity]] || +3 || 0 || 6 || 3 || [[Hacker]] || Short Skill / ARO || Target receives 1 [[Wound]] for each failed [[Saving Roll]].
|- 
| [[White Noise]] || -- || -- || -- || 1 || -- || Short Skill || [[NFB]], [[Reflective]], [[Circular Template]].
|- 
| [[Zero Pain]] || 0 || -3 || -- || 2 || -- || Short Skill / ARO || Nullifies [[Comms Attack]]. [[B]]2 in [[ARO]], [[Non-Lethal]].
|}


== Key to the Hacking Programs Quick Reference Chart ==

Each Hacking Program grants a series of MODs and advantages when used, that are reflected in charts listing the following information:

* '''Attack MOD.''' A MOD that is applied to the user's [[WIP]] Attribute.
* '''Opponent's MOD.''' A MOD that is applied to an [[enemy]] Trooper's [[Attribute]] when performing a [[Face to Face Roll]].
* '''[[Possibility of Survival (PS)]].''' The value used to determine the destructive capability of a successful [[Hacking Program]] Roll. Unless otherwise stated, '''the [[Attribute]] used in the [[Saving Roll]] to resist the effects of a Hacking Program is [[BTS]]'''.
* '''[[Burst]] (B).''' The number of dice the Active Player must roll when declaring the Hacking Program. When the B value is higher than 1, it may be concentrated on a single target or be divided among several targets. Remember that in the Reactive Turn the B value is generally 1, unless modified by a rule or Skill.
* '''Target.''' The [[Troop Type]] that can be targeted by the [[Hacking Program]].
* '''Type of Skill.''' Indicates the type of Skill ([[Skills_and_Equipment_Module#Common_and_Special_Skills_in_Infinity | Long Skill, Short Skill, ARO]], etc.) that must be spent to use the [[Hacking Program]].
* '''Special.''' This indicates the special effects that the [[Hacking Program]]'s user may apply. This section may also indicate a [[State]] that will be imposed on the target, or the type of [[Ammunition]] and [[Traits]] that may apply.


{{remember-start}}
Unless otherwise stated, the range of every Program is always the [[Hacker]]'s [[Hacking Area]].
{{remember-end}}


{{see-also-start}}
'''[[Quantronic_Combat_(Hacking)#Hacking_Devices_and_Hacking_Programs:_Characteristics | Quantronic Combat (Hacking)]]''' <br>
[[Hacking Device]]s and [[Hacking Program]]s have the following characteristics:
*They act in the user's [[Hacking Area]].
*They do not require [[LoF]] to act, unless the Hacking Program's own description states otherwise. 
* Only Troopers in [[Model]] form may be targeted by Hacking Programs.
* They benefit, if applicable, from the target's [[Targeted]] State.
{{see-also-end}}



{{n5-section-hacking}}
{{n5-section-reference-charts}}

[[Category: Reference Charts]]