{{n5-section-special-skills}}


Some Troopers, equipped with special jump gear, have been trained to dive from the sky directly onto the battlefield, falling upon the enemy in devastating surprise strikes.

{{css_skillbox |red|  COMBAT JUMP | LONG SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Airborne Deployment (AD), Private Information, Optional. }}
{{effects}}
* This Trooper is not required to deploy during the [[Deployment Phase]], remaining off-table until their player decides to deploy them during their Active Turn.
* While off-table, the Trooper will not add their Order to the [[Order Pool]] during the [[Tactical Phase]]. However, they may enter the table using their own Order to use this Special Skill, when the player chooses.
* By using this Special Skill, the player cannot place the Trooper in [[Prone State]], or in [[Silhouette contact]] with [[enemy]] and [[neutral]] Models, Markers, or Tokens, or in contact with any scenario objective.
* The player may deploy the Trooper on any horizontal surface of the game table, as long as the size of the surface is equal to or larger than their base.
* Deploying inside buildings or enclosed pieces of Scenery is not permitted, even if they have an open roof or open doors or windows like, for example, an Objective Room.
* After placing the Trooper on their landing spot, with any [[Deployable Weapon]]s or Equipment that they can deploy, the player performs a PH Roll. If the Roll is passed, the Trooper lands successfully and remains where the player has placed them. Then, the Reactive Player declares all their [[ARO]]s.
* If the user fails the Roll, they must be placed within their player's [[Deployment Zone]], always in contact with the edge of the game table. Additionally, after failing the Roll, the user loses the option to deploy in a Marker State or as a [[Decoy]] and is always deployed as a Model. Any Deployable Weapons and Equipment deployed alongside him are removed from the game table. Then, the Reactive Player declares all their AROs.
* '''Restriction''': During the Order this Special Skill is used, the Trooper cannot benefit from [[Partial Cover]].
* When a player moves the Trooper into a different [[Combat Group]], while it is off the table, they must inform their opponent that the Trooper exists. The Trooper's information remains [[Private]], until the Trooper is deployed.
* This Special Skill can be used during the [[Impetuous Phase]], which requires removing both the Trooper's Impetuous Token and their own Order.
* While off-table, Troopers with this Special Skill can be selected to deploy as part of a [[Coordinated Order]]. However, in this situation they will lose their own Order.

=== Combat Jump (Explosion) ===
* '''Combat Jump (Explosion)''' has the following additional rules:
* After performing the PH Roll and determining the Trooper's final location, the Trooper makes a [[Direct Template]] Attack, placing the center of the Circular Template (Blast Focus) over the center of their base.
* This Attack has PS 8 with Normal Ammunition, against the ARM Attribute.
* The Trooper is not affected by this Attack.
* This is a single-use Special Skill, and its user cannot perform it again.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{Remember-start}}
Troopers cannot be deployed in contact with [[enemy]] and [[neutral]] Models, Markers, or Tokens, or in contact with any mission objective, no matter the Special Skills they have.
{{Remember-end}}


{{see-also-start}}
'''[[Controlled Jump]]'''
* As long as Controlled Jump is active, when performing the Combat Jump Skill every Allied Trooper applies a +3 MOD while every Enemy Trooper must apply a -3 MOD.


'''[[Visibility Conditions#Visibility_Conditions#Visibility_Conditions_and_Combat_Jump | Visibility Conditions]]'''
: You cannot use [[Combat Jump]] inside of, or in contact with, an area with Low, Poor, or Zero Visibility Conditions.
{{see-also-end}}



{{n5-section-special-skills}}





[[Category:Special Skills]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Airborne Deployment (AD) ]]
[[Category: Private Information ]]
[[Category: Optional ]]