{{n5-section-special-skills}}


The owner of this Special Skill has been trained to parachute or fast-rope from heliborne vehicles immediately before combat, in order to find an alternative point of ingress onto the battlefield, and to flank the enemy forces

{{css_skillbox |red| PARACHUTIST | LONG SKILL }}
{{skill-label | Airborne Deployment (AD), Optional, Private Information. }}
{{effects}}
* This Trooper is not required to deploy during the [[Deployment Phase]], remaining off-table until their player decides to deploy them during their Active Turn.
* While off-table, the Trooper will not add their Order to the [[Order Pool]] during the [[Tactical Phase]]. However, they may enter the table using their own Order to use this Special Skill, when the player chooses.
* By using this Special Skill, the player '''cannot '''place the Trooper in [[Prone State]], or in [[Silhouette contact]] with [[enemy]] and [[neutral]] Models, Markers, or Tokens, or in contact with any scenario objective.
* The player may deploy the Trooper on any surface of the game table, as long as that surface's size is equal to or larger than their base and is in contact with the edge of the table.
* They may not be deployed within the enemy [[Deployment Zone]]. 
* Once the Trooper is placed on their entry point, the Reactive Player declares all their [[ARO]]s.
* '''Restriction''': During the Order this Special Skill is used, the Trooper cannot benefit from '''[[Partial Cover]]'''.
* This Special Skill can be used during the [[Impetuous Phase]], which requires removing both the Trooper's Impetuous Token and their own Order.
* While off-table, Troopers with this Special Skill can be selected to deploy as part of a [[Coordinated Order]]. However, in this situation they will lose their own Order.

=== Parachutist (Deployment Zone) ===
* Parachutist (Deployment Zone) allows the Trooper to deploy within the enemy Deployment Zone.
{{css_skillbox-end}}


{{Remember-start}}
Troopers cannot be deployed in contact with [[enemy]] and [[neutral]] Models, Markers, or Tokens, or in contact with any mission objective, no matter the Special Skills they have.
{{Remember-end}}




[[Category:Special Skills]]

<!-- Label and Trait categories. -->
[[Category: Airborne Deployment (AD) ]]
[[Category: Optional ]]
[[Category: Private Information ]]